From Tafsir ibn Katheer of 48:25-26:

> (We have not come to fight anyone, but to perform 'Umrah. No doubt, war has weakened Quraysh and they have suffered great losses. So if they wish, I will conclude a truce with them, during which they should refrain from interfering between me and others. If I have victory over those infidels, Quraysh will have the option to embrace Islam as the other people do, if they wish. They will at least get strong enough to fight. But if they do not accept the truce, by Allah in Whose Hands my life is, I will fight with them defending my cause until I get killed, but (I am sure) Allah will definitely make His cause victorious.) Budayl said, 'I will inform them of what you have said.' So, he set off until he reached Quraysh and said, 'We have come from that man whom we heard saying something which we will disclose to you, if you should like.' Some of the fools among the Quraysh shouted that they were not in need of this information, but the wiser among them said, 'Relate what you heard him saying.' Budayl said, 'I heard him saying such and such,' relating what the Prophet had told him. 'Urwah bin Mas'ud stood up and said, 'O people! Aren't you the sons' They said, 'Yes.' He added, 'Am I not the father' They said, 'Yes.' He said, 'Do you mistrust me' They said, 'No.' He said, 'Don't you know that I invited the people of 'Ukaz for your help, and when they refused I brought my relatives and children and those who obeyed me' They said, 'Yes.' He said, 'Well, this man has offered you a reasonable proposal, it is better for you to accept it and allow me to meet him.' They said, 'You may meet him.' So, he went to the Prophet and started talking to him. The Prophet said the same to him as he had to Budayl bin Warqa. **Then 'Urwah said, 'O Muhammad! Won't you feel any qualms by exterminating your relations Have you ever heard of anyone among the Arabs annihilating his relatives before you On the other hand, if the reverse should happen, by Allah, I do not see dignified people here, but people from various tribes who would run away leaving you alone.'**

Then it goes on to show how his Companions, like Abu Bakr would use ad hominem attacks insulting their deities.

> **Hearing that, Abu Bakr verbally abused him and said, 'Go suck Al-Lat's womb! Are you saying we would run and leave the Prophet alone'** 'Urwah said, 'Who is that man' They said, 'He is Abu Bakr.' 'Urwah said to Abu Bakr, 'By Him in Whose Hands my life is, were it not for the favor which you did to me and which I did not compensate, I would rebuke you.'

Now 'Urwah would grab Muhammad's beard, a strange thing, and would get hit by Al-Mughirah for it.

> 'Urwah kept on talking to the Prophet and seizing the Prophet's beard as he was talking, while Al-Mughirah bin Shu'bah was standing near the head of the Prophet, holding a sword and wearing a helmet. Whenever 'Urwah stretched his hand towards the beard of the Prophet, Al-Mughirah would hit his hand with the handle of the sword and say, 'Remove your hand from the beard of Allah's Messenger.' 'Urwah raised his head and asked, 'Who is that' The people said, 'He is Al-Mughirah bin Shu'bah.' 'Urwah said, 'O treacherous (one)! Am I not doing my best to prevent evil consequences of your treachery' Before embracing Islam, Al-Mughirah was in the company of some people. He killed them, took their property and came (to Al-Madinah) to embrace Islam. The Prophet said to him,
