There's the "tradwives go for hypergamy" theory, which states women, especially in India marry higher up men. But while one argument is about the self-centered nature of women, another argument is that they needed to do so in order to survive. As far as I'm concerned, I generally look down on anyone who gives up values in the name of something as petty as "survival". If you give up your values, you are already dead - so what's all the buzz about survival? <span style="color:#8c90f9"><b>My verdict: It is womens' fault here. They need to have more principles instead of complaining about the authority of man. It's their inability to hold to their principles that is the reason for patriarchy.</b></span>

Then there's the "incels marry down" to get a woman they can control. My criticism of this is that you often have to be stupid to ever agree to such marriages to get exploited. I feel like often times, women simply get woo-ed by their wealth rather than the personality to fall for them. <span style="color:#8c90f9"><b>My verdict: This argument is completely flawed and deceptive. "Incels" do not marry, as the label is by definition only given to those who are celibate. And further, the ones who marry such toxic men are more likely to do so by their own fault, because a woman with good principles would never end up hooking up with a man without principles. If you loved a man for who he is, you would've never got into such relationships (excluding women who were naive, which I think is a minority).</b></span>

<span style="color:#8c90f9"><b>My verdict on the usage of the term "incel" in general: Involuntarily celibate people can be of two kinds. One is someone</b></span>

More on the term "incels". Involuntarily celibate people can be of two kinds. One is someone who finds that women only go for wealthy men, and thus claim that although he wants to be with women, he cannot get to be with one. I would say this category of men are specifically referring to attractive women, because there are plenty of women who are less physically attractive who are easier to date, provided that you have a good personality.

I say that the above is a false proposition, and in reality incels are the ones who complain about this and don't marry at all, because, after all, incel stands for "involuntarily **celibate**". Further, there are voluntarily celibate people. <span style="color:#8c90f9"><b>My verdict: Complaining about women is not bad if you are avoiding them by the same principles. It can really be the case that women have issues.</b></span>

