1 on responsibility
2 on criticism of muhammadianity (donut topping) - ut the thing about modifying something perfect is the principe of Karma.  For every bit of polish you add, there wil be a dark side. On that note, leading to point 3, I consider the Torah to be the perfect representation of God's word, as it can be taught to man. "But it doesn't reveal any scientific facts" - true, but it is for that that the Jews were chosen. True to my statement, only a people who believed in it being God's will to make this world a better place, as opposed to people who want a paradise beyond or to achieve liberation, would have any incentive to do this. They have been true to this word, as you can see from their representation in the chart of Nobel Prize winners per unit population by community.
3 on likeliiness to truth (coming from 2) - people would say, oh Jyothish haad been supporting Jews and had been hating Christians and Muhammadians. But well, I was simply inclined to trut, and I say it is truth that has led me to the TTorah. But atheistz would further say, oh he's supporting jews because he himself is a jew. but earlier, these same guys were saying i'm supporting them because i was a hindu, but this also totally ignores that i was supporting muhammadians and had thrown away my own religion to do so prior to that.. people will use any argument that can work in their favour, regardless of truth.
4 on slavery is bad: genocide is bad, but we wouldn't know it unless there was one.
4 was betting on Nir Lichtman's religion a good guess? well, an atheist will always be skeptic, he will never commit. if you want to be doubtful, we can always keep on doubting. but at some point, we have to commit. I was certain that the choice of Nir Lichtman  was actually very random. I was thinking of all the smart guys that help the world by means of education, and just randomly picked a smart guy who popped up on my feed.

about nl: take one look at nir lichtmans profile, and you'll immediately see why i'd like him. the guy literally uses dwm (not DWM, haha both have the same acronym) on windows to code.

new note: work energy and power 2
air defense

assim al-hakeem: divided on all matters, except against an enemy. but muslim is merely an arabic word that means submitter. jew means a person of judea.  they too are submitters. they merely do not accept Muhammad as their prophet. But then, shia ad sounni also have differences on what the sunnah is. 

subtle element of truth and distortion. e.g. a hindu atheist is just a christophobic islamophobic hindu. welll, that much is true, but  its implication is not true. (addressed in helix notes)