Is it because of religion? No.

In fact, some people have made up assumption that I could be lying or that I'm a prude. They are foolish beyond Jyothish's comprehension. This is what happened.

(1) I have short sight
(2) The Kerala government passed a rule in 2016 stating that if someone looks at a woman for more than 14 seconds, he can be sentenced to 3 months in jail

As you can see, from (1) and (2), I found that it is better for me to not look at women.

In fact, people in my college have seen that I'd sit in the front bench and yet would not be able to see what's written on the board without my glasses.

<div style="background-color:black"><span style="color:#8c90f9">And in fact, the only girls I have seen clearly in my life are older women, my cousins, all my teachers at school and college, wives of housemasters - specifically Asha ma'am and Jacqueline ma'am, two girl cadets:<br><br> (1) Shithu - once at the housemaster's room, and a few times at the dentist's place - and (2) Amritha - the bitch who mocked me for not acting properly when acting was not my idea at all, but Sandhya miss's, a girl at the summer vocational tuition class I was sent to in 2013 - and approximately 10 girls in my college in the 2K24 batch, including:<br><br>(1) Fiza (2) Luja (3) Safna (4) some girl I'd wrongly call Amritha (5) a girl who I think was called Aishwarya, who introduced me to many other girls at Ifthaar, but I didn't really look at the others, (6) Shreya, (7) a girl who was in my group project, but I don't remember her name - to whom I'd like to say sorry to for promising to write our UHV assignment - but then I got unwell and couldn't do it - but anyways, I didn't sign up for UHV and I'd have been more motivated to do it if it was any other engineering subject, (8) Asna and (9) a studious and fat girl who wears specs and probably does not talk to many people<br><br>and 3 girls in the 2K23 batch (I dropped out twice) - (1) Juliet, (2) Karthika, (3) Gopika, (4) a poor girl who pointed out that she's actually from the old batch - who I was supposed to remember, and she mentioned her name again, and I forgot again.<br><br>That is a total of about 16 girls.</span></div>

In fact, during an inter-school debate competition in the auditorium, everyone was talking about how a girl from another school was so sexy, and since I could not see her and hence was not particularly finding the eye candy, just to catch up on the trend, I decided to ask Shambu who has sitting several housemates (of Vallathol, in 10th) towards my left for his specs, since I knew that his specs had a similar power as mine, and all the people in that chain of conversation started looking me as though I was the pervert.