This is the reason why there isn't any peace in society

- Altruism is seen as weakness or self-hatred
- The ones who do the dirty but essential labour are seen as of lower worth than the ones who do the entertaining or creative level of tasks.
- People who advocate for equal rights are seen as weaklings because they can't hustle enough to be better than the rest, according to the Darwinian nationalism and Judeo-Christian conservativism (where true followers of god are more blessed and the resulting fortune justifies their ways)
- People who care more about someone are seen as less entertaining, for example in the context of love, and hence they are betrayed. Betrayal by someone who one cared for will corrupt people unless they have a high tolerance for suffering and their rationality still values the happiness of other people, and they will join the capitalists and separate themselves from the rest.
- The other people are seen as the "world" and the individuals are "us". This creates a simple divide between people and their surroundings.
- The general idea is that the world can never be harmonious. That taken to the extreme would mean there is no point in trying to correct even your children or family members, because what others do is entirely beyond our control. For this reason, people establish an abstract relationship with god, and expect others to do the same.
- Treating children as not helpable would not make a society function at all. For that reason, religions believe people should only have responsibility over close family members - the father and the mother as they couldn't create the child alone, and because of that, they are solely and together responsible for the child's upbringing.

- This is logical, but as I said, logical is not organic or natural. As much as the claim goes that god revealed these instructions to the world, these are simply logical deductions of humans of a certain period, who reasoned in a specific way. These ways could be shaped by observing other species nature, but the ways in themselves are not organic with respect to all the ways in which things could have happened. As I usually say, logic is only a tool of destruction, not of creativity. Under conservative logic, life can exist, but without freedom or purpose. It is for this reason that true purpose is attributed to an abstract outside agency, and freedom is limited. Creative processes can be seen to have a logical flow, but that's because logic is simply the means by which we understand creativity backwards. So it's misleading to say that something is logical, it's just that logic is what we use to understand that something.

- Logic can simply be used to verify if a system is stable on its own, but it should not be used to baselessly say that the simplest possible system is the only valid system. Arguments such as so and so is against human nature, is simply statistic, and not representative of real nature. If it was true, there wouldn't be a desire to have a deviation from the traditions in the first place.