Mohammedans say that the Quran is the true word of god, and the Torah isn't.
Jews say that the Torah is the true word of god, which has no flaws in it.
Christians say the Torah wasn't enough to solve world problems, so the son of man came down to bear all the sins of the world. Because of this, God can manifest in three forms - the father, the son and the holy spirit.

~~All three religions have the concept of proselyting.~~ (Actually, Judaism did not.) This is because they believe god to be the one true creator for all of humanity, and their messengers as the messengers for all of humanity. But this is more common for Christianity and Islam, because in Judaism, only the laws are for all humans, but the covenant of Israel is only for the Jews. The other two religions acknowledge this too, but they are instead for all people.

While Christianity believes that the old testament is still valid, it is too difficult for a human to follow, and will most likely lead to him reaching hell unless he constantly begs god to forgive his sins, and hence, the new testament is shown as an easier choice offered by god. Islam on the other hand tells people of both faiths that their laws are based on lies to avoid doing what's right, and rejects the idea that Jews had a special covenant separate from the rest, and Christians believing in Jesus as the god incarnate is wrong, and that his crucifixion did not take away responsibility from the rest of the world, and the only thing that happened was a messenger who preached the truth was crucified.

All of them believe that there's only one god, he is all merciful, but they just argue over what rules he has prescribed and they agree on the punishment that he will give for not following his word.

Also, according to Jews, their covenant with god as Israelites is complete, and the age of prophecy for them is over. Said covenant is obtained by circumcision of people within the same family line. So they do not have a problem with there being prophets from god for other people, such as the Arabs, but by the Torah, there can be no more prophets for the Jews, and the Torah is not up to question. The only change that awaits them is the arrival of a Messiah, and for them, he too has to come from their own community. ~~**I can easily say that a Messiah will never come from within such a community, because there can be no ethical god in the first place who will make covenants with people of a specific tribe alone, and that too by the practice of a questionably weird practice such as circumcision. Which is why they keep doing evil practices such as developing warfare technologies and promoting rampant capitalism, all in the name of god. Also the last time someone came from outside their community, they crucified him, and apparently the ones who saw him as a Messiah believe that that was all part of his plan because the Jews were corrupt at the time.**~~ (I think I need to edit this for my change in perspectives.)

According to Christianity and Islam, their revelations are also final. The difference is that, for the Jews it doesn't matter what the ruling is for others, they see themselves as a special group with a covenant from god, it is just that the covenant with them is final. If you ask them about gods laws however, they will tell you their laws, but may also be fine with you following one of the other two faiths, because their covenant is the only one they trust, but that is the final ruling only for their people.

All three religions consider polytheism as evil, wicked or pathetic, because they believe in a unified creator for the sake of minimalism. Well, also because they believe the actual god gave them a word as well, but this should be the reason for their inclination to this faith.

---
Muslims pointing out corruption in Torah: https://www.islamawareness.net/Judaism/torah.html
Jews pointing out corruption in Quran: 

---

Once again, from the perspective of a person without a religion, people of Abrahamic religions believe that there's just one true creator for all of humanity. Which is fine, but then they say that he has given us rules, without following which, they will be sentenced to eternal torture in hell. The books have really terrible ideas about god and societal norms, which disgusts a normal person.

Then another group comes along and says that it's true that god gave us rules, but these people modified it to suit their fantasies. And they give their new "word of god", which is a concise book providing just the rules without any ugly stories to disgust people. While this way of life is reasonable in one sense, being forced to live in that lifestyle is very difficult for a person without having to combat against their natural desires. The characteristic of this "word" is that while the older commandments were meaningful, they were modified, and one could use this word to verify what, in the older commandments are actually true. In this manner, there's a lot of similarity between these two faiths, although the older faith don't like how a stranger came along in their lives and claimed that they are corrupt people who have modified the law of god and gave them new messages. Also it's not really worth the effort to verify what parts of the old scriptures is false, because according to them, the new commandments are perfect, concise and have everything they need.

In between there was yet another group that said that, yes the old word of god was true, but god then decided that people can't stop falling to sin, so he with all his love manifested to earth in human form and took the punishments for the whole world, for all time as a human being, and all we have to avoid the hellfire is to recognize him as our lord and saviour, and follow in his footsteps to the best of our ability, but falling astray is not a big deal, as he's already paid for that weakness of human beings.