# Properties
- Perceived Properties - Hue, Colourfulness (Saturation), Luminance
- Mixing - Additive / Subtractive - Primary and Secondary Colours
	- Metamerism
- [[Complementary colours]] produce a high level of contrast - this is used in art
- Warm and Cool Colours
- [[Impossible Colours]]

# Practice
- [[Colour Schemes]] - mixing tactics - for aesthetics or for practical
	- Triadic, Monochromatic (single colour), Split complementary, Achromatic/Near Neutrals/Neutrals, Tetradic, Polychromatic, Colourmaps
	- Data visualization - uses a ordered colour set
		- Schemes: see Wiki
		- Representation Methods: continuous, discrete, categorical.
- Colour Gradient - Specifies a range of position-dependent colours, usually used to fill a region
	- Aka Colour Ramp or Colour Progression. In assigning colours to a set of values, it is a continuous colourmap, a colour scheme representation method.

## Rough Work here
- HSV, HSL, HSB
- CMYK has a slight deficiency notably in orange and slightly in purples - wider range of colours by adding other colours, like pantone hexachrome (CMYKOG) - discontinued

- spot colours (generated by ink printed using a single run; the standard CMYK colours in offset printing/CMYKOG; technicians prefer to use the name for non-standard offset inks like metallic, fluorescent, or custom hand-mixed inks) (contrast with process colours - CMYK, dots) 
	- Pantone is the main spot colour printing system in US and Europe. Others exist too (Wiki)
	- used in offset printing (trans) - lithography (planographic method of printing, based on immiscibility of oil and water)
		- offset printing and lithography are planographic printing processes.
- Types of printing

# Evolution
- [[Newton's Experiments on Colours]]
	- He came up with the [[colour wheel]] aka colour circle in the form of a Newton Disc (Disappearing Colour Disc)
		- Colour circle is used for, among other purposes for additive colour mixing. Sometimes, adding two colours from different parts of the spectrum might produce a third colour that looks like a light from another part of the spectrum. This type of colour mixing is called metameric matching - [[metamerism]].
	- He gave the first method of mixing, which is to
		- 1> Mark two colours in a colour wheel
		- 2> Find their barycenter
		- 3> Then the distance from the center to the barycenter determines the saturation, while the azimuthal position (the position of the radial line through the barycenter) determines it's hue.
	- Criticized by: Robert Hooke, assistant of Robert Boyle
- Johan Wolfgang von Goethe, a German poet, proposed his set of [[complementary colours]].
- Thomas Young's  [[Trichromatic Theory of Colours]]. It distinguished additive and subtractive colours. He came up with a [[colour triangle]] (also used in CIE 1931 Colour Space)
- Hermann von Helmholtz developed Young's theory by classifying the photoreceptor cells.
- Helmholtz's influence of unconscious inferences.
- James Clark Maxwell's Mathematical description of Young-Helmholtz Trichromatic theory using linear algebra.
- Ewald Hering's [[Opponent Processes]] was in dispute with the theory by Young, Helmholtz and Maxwell
- Later, Johannes von Kries published the zone theory in 1905 that synthesizes both descriptions as one, where Young-Helmholtz theory describes the interaction of light with the receptors and Hering the image processing stage.
- In 1925, Erwin Schrodinger published a paper inspired by von Kries, titled 'On the relation of the four color to the three color theory' where he probes for a formal relationship between the two theories.
- The conundrum was solved by the discovery of color-opponent gangelion cells in the retina and lateral geniculate nucleus. We know know the human eye possesses three types of color-sensitive receptors which then combine their signals in three color-opponent channels as proposed by Hering. Thus both theories are correct.