I do not think Abrahamic religions present the "word of god" as much as the "word of civilization". "Word" is the keyword here. The origin of Abrahamic religions dates back to the time when civilization originated and writing was invented, in Ancient Mesopotamia. Writing systems as an improvement to language gave people a tool to settle down and form stable societies based on agriculture rather move around as hunter gatherers. Sumerian cuneiforms were invented before it developed into other Semitic languages in the region. Egyptian Hieroglyphics were another system, developed independently with Egyptian civilization, which was formed near the Nile river.

So it is reasonable that a religion took some time to develop, and after a couple of years, when faced with the question of existence, one person could've said that long ago god created mankind and through a series of generations, we got to where we are now. It also makes sense to say that all the problems began when humans ate the apple of intelligence, because the ability of question nature is the root of all human problems. That was the entire problem with maintaining a united civilization, and the only way to bring together people would be to unite them under a religion.

For this reason, religions have their roots in rationality, with an appeal to an external authority to explain everything that cannot be explained within its scope. This rationality is exactly what the problem with Abrahamic religions is. Logic is a tool or reduction, as opposed to creation. One can have forms of creativity that runs by logic, and certainly some logic exists in base reality to govern all creation. But if we assume that we do not know the base reality well enough, then we have the freedom to try and figure out new ways in which we can be creativity with reality. On the contrary, when we assume that there are certain commandments that we should follow, we are restricting that freedom, by limiting ourselves to a box. Something that works by a code is more like a machine rather than a human. This is the problem with religion and civilization.