I was trying to clear up a doubt on the nature of Mahat Tattva, and I found this blog (many notes on it were taken by me on another text editor.)

NOTE: He is not entirely a terrorist, it's more like someone who, if unchecked, can go out of control.

- Saw Ajit Vadakayil's blog: https://captajitvadakayil.in/2021/04/14/vadakayils-truth-revealing-sanatana-dharma-series-poll-no-159-b/#comments

> [!Danger] DANGER
> Crime is less in Hinduism . America knows that only the Indian Hindu is crime free.. If at all there has been a crime by a Hindu in USA , it is to establish dharma or knee jerk reaction due to extreme provocation..
> 
> Recently we had a Hindu student killing his gay Jewish professor because he gave away his PHD project he worked on for years , secretly to a gay Jewish student.. We do namaste to the great soul in the enemy , even before we are about to kill him…

This is no different from Islamic Terrorism!!

https://captajitvadakayil.in/2021/04/24/vadakayils-truth-revealing-sanatana-dharma-series-poll-no-159-t/

> [!DANGER] DANGER
> ALARMED BY RISE OF HINDUSIM, THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH BANNED BHAGAVAD GITA FOR PROMOTING VIOLENCE..  SORRY, BHAGAVAD GITA PROMOTED ONLY KILLING OF EVIL FORCES, AS OUR HINDU DHARMA.. BALLS TO JEW GANDHI / JEW MARTIN LUTHER KING JR/ JEW LEO TOLSTOY..

> Rothschild’s agent Jew Gandhi, brainwashed Indians not to be violent against the white invader who enslaved us and robber our watan blind.. India was converted from the richest nation to the poorest nation in 200 years falt. Gandhi along with BR Amebdkar and EVR Paeriay called Bhagavad Gita an EVIL book as it promoted violence.. 
> 
>  Gujju no 1  Gandhi wanted enslaved Indians to turn the charkha when they feel frustrated and angry.  I was most surprised to see on TV, Rothschild’s agent Gujju No 2 Mod also telling the same thing..
>  
>  Modi told on TV, GANDHIJI NEY CHARKHA GHUMAAKE HUMKO AAZAADI DILWAAYA..
>  
>  Sorry, this was not the purpose of Krishna mentoring Arjuna just before the start of the Mahabharata at Kurukshetra battle field..
>  
>  Arjuna wrongly thought that he would be committing a grave sin by killing his grandsire Bhishma , teacher Drona and his beloved relatives/ friends  who were fighting on the Kaurava side..  Krishna tells Arjuna that the soul is real..
>  
>  The body inside which the soul exists is unreal.. The souls of  Bhishma , teacher Drona and his beloved relatives/ friends cannot be killed.. Krishna begins with the tenet that the soul (Atman) is eternal and immortal. 
>  
>  The human body is like the clothes being worn for the day.. Any ‘death’ on the battlefield would involve only the shedding of the body,  whereas the soul is permanent..  Arjuna shrinks from the act of killing and is in the throes of depression.
>  
>  Krishna  reminds him that, in the absolute sense, there is no such act called killing..  KRISHNA himself came as Vishnu’s avatar of earth to kill Kerala Kings Shishupala and Dantavakra..  Inside Sishupala’s mortal carcass was Vishnu’s beloved gatekeeper of Vaikunta, JAYA. .Inside Dantavakra’s mortal carcass was Vishnu’s beloved gatekeeper of Vaikunta, VIJAYA ..
>  
>   [http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/09/shishupala-and-dantavakra-third-re.html &nbsp](http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/09/shishupala-and-dantavakra-third-re.html &nbsp); 
>  
>  Same way inside King RAVANA’S mortal carcass was Vishnu’s beloved gatekeeper of Vaikunta, JAYA.. Vishnu mortal avatar RAMA was born on earth to release Jaya by killing Ravana .. 
>  
>  [http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/09/king-ravana-of-ramayana-hero-or-villian.html  &nbsp](http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com/2013/09/king-ravana-of-ramayana-hero-or-villian.html  &nbsp);
>  
>  Krishna tells Arjuna , the soul within is the only reality. This cadaver body is  simply an appearance; its existence, its destruction, is likewise, illusory.. Krishna tells Arjuna , sustaining Dharma is to kill evil.. It is Dharmic to fight a righteous war, it is a sin to flee from it as a Kshatriya..
>  
>  Running away from a just battle to kill evil, is avoiding duty and escapism. If we go to the sea shore waves rise and fall. DO WE CRY AND MOURN FOR THE WAVE WHICH HAS FALLEN? The wave is  unreal , the real  thing is the water in the ocean ..
>  
>  Waves are like the physical bodies which  appear and disappear while the indweller of the body, the self or soul is like the water..  Krishna tells Arjuna , look at all on the opposing Kaurava side as souls.. don’t look at their mortal carcass..  The soul within their bodies is immortal; you cannot kill the soul..  The soul never ceases  to be and the body is ever perishable. Indeed the only thing 100% sure on this planet is that all humans will die one day.. if not today then some other day.. Krishna declares that the embodied soul in every one identifies itself with varied  forms temporarily to gain preordained experiences.. The soul is a splinter of BrahmAn the field ( God ) sent on earth at a lower frequency..  It goes through every form of life ( endless rebirths ) and then one day as a conscious  human the soul ( at highest frequency same as mother field BrahmAn / zero karmic baggage / zero ego )  gets moksha . The soul then merges with brahmAn at the sevent Astral layer ( Vaikunta ) and becomes god, becomes immortal, with no more earthly sojourns.. The individual soul gives closed loop  experience based information feed back to BrahmAn.. BrahmAn knows everything..  Indeed , the earth is brahmAn’s school..  Neither Krishna himself nor  Arjuna nor the other kings who have assembled in the battlefield are mere  accidental happenings nor shall they cease to exist in future. Prior  to the pot, in the pot and after the pot it was only the clay which has  continuous existence.  Arjuna should not grieve for his relatives  out of fear of their destruction. . One should not worry or get himself deluded over when the soul passes over to another body at physical death..When Ravana was killed the soul ( JAYA ) entered Sishupala’s mortal carcass. Krishna then killed Sishupala and released JAYA to join back Vishnu as his gatekeeper in Vaikunta..  Birth and death are spoken of with  regard to the physical body and not the soul.  CUNT Kancha Ilaih once sputtered on TV white spittle at either ends of lips,  and croed “ OOOHHHH.. Hindu Gods are so violent, they are always killing dalits”..  The CHOOT does not know that all Hindu Gods are cosmic allegories except Vishnu avatar mortal gods with 13 strand DNA, Rama/ Krishna/ Ayyappa.. Only Vishnu can have mortal avatars..  If the man does not identify himself  with the body he is not at all doer of any activity.   The soul remains unaffected and unchanged. Only  that which is perishable and changeable can be slain. How could the imperishable and unchangeable be slain?.  Krishna  clarifies that it is the desire for and attachment to the result of an action  that create bondage; but when an action is performed without any such desire,  it leads to freedom of the soul. The injunction to fight is only incidental..


Basically he says:
- It is our duty to fight
- Ahimsa is bad
- Soul is not dead, only the bad man is killed


To him:

India is a wasteland because the concept of rebirth caused you to not build mechanisms for toilet cleaning.

Europeans invaded you because all your low caste people would keep treat others as inferior too.

You are not any different from ISIS who said "The Kafir's Blood is Halal for you, so Shed it"

You are not human lover. You are simply a Jew hater. You advocate for killing who you think is evil, simply because they do not follow your notions of ethics. You cannot be trusted to defend our nation, because the nation I identify as a part of is not your theocracy, but a state where every human who does not mess with the lives of others


I do accept Shabdha as a Pramaana, however that doesn't mean I'll take anything. And I do not resonate with any of your teachings.

You justify your terrorism based on the notion that you are not killing the soul. How is that any different from how Muhammadian terrorists kill people thinking that they are destined to hell anyways for Shirk?

You said we must be born in India to have Moksha. However, if India was such a holy land, why did it get invaded? And you say that it was because 

**Muhammad is a Hindu Nair priest and Shiva Temple of Kaaba**
> Islamic suicide bombers don’t get to zuck 72 virgins / Houris in heaven / Jannat . . Only the soul goes to heaven / seventh astral layer , not the human cadaver. . Muslims have been fooled by Jews to believe that prophet Muhammad went to heaven in person on a night flight – Miraj . . The truth is he was sleeping that night in Ali’s sister Fahkitah’s ( the only woman he ever loved ) house.. 72 Houris is lifted from 72 nadis of Hinduism. . Islam mirrored Hinduism. . Muhammad was a Kerala Hindu Nair whose uncle was the Namboodiri priest at the Hindu Shiva ( Kaaba iswara ) temple at Mecca Oasis .. Sahasrara chakra Beej mantra is ALL AH to which the most major nadi Sushumna connects .. Allah the Islamic god is lifted from Hindu god brahman the field, which cannot be picked up by the 5 human senses. . Number 786 ( Bismillah ) on every Koran cover is Hindu king mantra OM symbol mirrored and read from right to left. — Capt Ajit Vadakayil


**About Communism and Anti-Theism**
> Marx wrote that religion would disappear naturally through the richness of ideas that would emerge from a rationalized order of communistic social life.   He believed that belief in the existence of God was immoral and anti-human.    
> 
> Friedrich Engels considered religion as a false consciousness, and incompatible with communism.   
> 
> Engels kept harping on the need to cultivate atheism all over the world.  He called for scientific education on a massive scale in order to overcome the fears and illusions of people who required a religious explanation for the world around them. 
> 
> He believed that science would provide an explanation for things that people had formerly required religious concepts to fulfill, and by providing this explanation, people would no longer feel a need to have religion for this purpose. 
> 
> Marxist communism required a conscious rejection of religion or else it could not be established. The moment a Commie goes to a temple, he is NO longer a commie .
> 
> Combating religious beliefs was considered an absolute duty by JEW Lenin. The campaigns involved extensive amounts of antireligious propaganda, antireligious legislation, atheistic education, antireligious discrimination, harassment, arrests and also campaigns of violent terror. 
> 
> Soviet leaders, propagandists and other militant atheists debated for years over the question of what approach was most pragmatic in order to eliminate religion. The state recruited millions of people, spent billions of roubles, and made incredible efforts towards this end, although it ultimately failed to achieve their goal. 
> 
> In 1959, a course titled Fundamentals of Scientific Atheism was “introduced into the curriculum of all higher educational institutions” and in 1964, it was made compulsory for all pupils after a “paucity of student response”. 
> 
> I used to have HAJAAAAAR fun discussing the syllabus with my Russian officers.  
> 
> There are pro-LTTE Tamil leaders who also helped Naxals in getting arms and bomb training from LTTE.
> 
> The Tamil Nadu Liberation Army (TNLA), had close ties with the LTTE and indulged in several minor bomb blasts and looting of weapons till the mid-1990s, when some of its leaders were killed.
> 
> [http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/aidmk-dmk-misplaced-support-for-ltte.html](http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/aidmk-dmk-misplaced-support-for-ltte.html)
> 
> Children are now being used by Naxals .  It is NO wonder that NHRC and Collegium judges were very clear that the most cruel Muslim 17 year old boy rapist of Nirbhaya should be protected.
> 
> In Goa school children girls are drug couriers.  They are trained when to cry RAPE . .

From Blogspot Blog:

> How to FUCK A WOMAN WELL

> THIS PLANET KNEW ONLY "STATIC" RISK ASSESSMENT .
> 
> IT WAS A MAN NAMED VADAKAYIL WHO INTRODUCED "DYNAMIC " RISK ASSESSMENT.

> DYNAMIC risk assessment was always done in my mann mandir - before ant critical task. People
would ask me why I am doing something totally opposite . If he could understand the flammability
composition diagram I MAY tell him--otherwise it was NOT worth it.


**Cosmological Evolution:**
> Somebody called me up and cried.. Captain since Bhagavad Gita was penned 6000 years ago, nobody has been able to explain PRAKRITI AND THE THREE GUNAS , not even Adi Shankaracharya , the last of our Maharishis who lived 4000 years ago… Trillions of words have been written by stupid Sanskrit language scholars who don’t have the cerebral wherewithal …. This is like an Arabic language scholar trying to explain a book on Quantum physics translated to Arabic.. He should stick to his Koran, which tells him how to sell bad dates and buy good dates.. We Hindus gloss over the SUBJECTIVE Bhagavad Gita verses and pretend to understand.. It made us self loathing.. Frustrated, most people migrated to the FAKE Ashtavakra Gita, OBJECTIVE bullshit like a company manual, cooked up by Jew Rothschild.. Captain, have made it crystal clear on the MACRO scale.. Can you explain on the MICRO scale.. The hidden wisdom of Bhagavad Gita is indeed unparalleled.. Indeed! .. ### NOW LET ME PUT DOWN SOME BHAGAVAD GITA VERSES FOR PRAKRITI AND THREE GUNAS ON THE MICRO SCALE. I WILL EXPLAIN IN GREAT DETAIL FOR THE LCD ( LOWEST COMMON DENOMINATOR ) , AFTER THIS.. #### ये चैव सात्त्विका भावा राजसास्तामसाश्च ये |. मत्त एवेति तान्विद्धि न त्वहं तेषु ते मयि || 12||.. Bhagavad Gita 7.12, 4000 BC.. ye chaiva sattvika bhava rajasas tamasash cha ye.. matta eveti tan viddhi na tvaham teshu te mayi.. Translation:-. BG 7.12: The three states of material existence—goodness, passion, and ignorance—are manifested by my energy. They are in me, but I am beyond them. ####.. #### त्रिभिर्गुणमयैर्भावैरेभि: सर्वमिदं जगत् |. मोहितं नाभिजानाति मामेभ्य: परमव्ययम् || 13||.. Bhagavad Gita 7.13, 4000 BC.. tribhir guna-mayair bhavair ebhih sarvam idam jagat.. mohitam nabhijanati mamebhyah param avyayam.. Translation:- BG 7.13: Deluded by the three modes of Maya, the people in this world are unable to know me, the imperishable and eternal. ####.. #### सर्वभूतानि कौन्तेय प्रकृतिं यान्ति मामिकाम् |. कल्पक्षये पुनस्तानि कल्पादौ विसृजाम्यहम् || 7||.. प्रकृतिं स्वामवष्टभ्य विसृजामि पुन: पुन: |. भूतग्राममिमं कृत्स्नमवशं प्रकृतेर्वशात् || 8||.. Bhagavad Gita 9.7-8, 4000 BC ..sarva-bhutani kaunteya prakritim yanti mamikam.kalpa-kshaye punas tani kalpadau visrijamyaham.prakritim svam avashtabhya visrijami punah punah.bhuta-gramam imam kritsnam avasham prakriter vashat.. Translation:-. BG 9.7-8: At the end of one kalp, all living beings merge into My primordial material energy. At the beginning of the next creation, O son of Kunti, I manifest them again. Presiding over My material energy, I generate these myriad forms again and again, in accordance with the force of their natures. ####.. #### मयाध्यक्षेण प्रकृति: सूयते सचराचरम् |. हेतुनानेन कौन्तेय जगद्विपरिवर्तते || 10||.. Bhagavad Gita 9.10, 4000 BC.. mayadhyakshena prakritih suyate sa-characharam.. hetunanena kaunteya jagad viparivartate.. Translation:-. BG 9.10: Working under My direction, this material energy brings into being all animate and inanimate forms, O son of Kunti. For this reason, the material world undergoes the changes (of creation, maintenance, and dissolution). ####.. #### पुरुष: प्रकृतिस्थो हि भुङक्ते प्रकृतिजान्गुणान् |. कारणं गुणसङ्गोऽस्य सदसद्योनिजन्मसु || 22||.. Bhagavad Gita 13.22, 4000 BC.. purushah prakriti-stho hi bhunkte prakriti-jan gunan.. karanam guna-sango ’sya sad-asad-yoni-janmasu.. Translation:-. BG 13.22: When the puruṣh (individual soul) seated in prakṛiti (the material energy) desires to enjoy the three guṇas, attachment to them becomes the cause of its birth in superior and inferior wombs. ####.. #### कार्यकारणकर्तृत्वे हेतु: प्रकृतिरुच्यते |. पुरुष: सुखदु:खानां भोक्तृत्वे हेतुरुच्यते || 21||.. Bhagavad Gita 13.21, 4000 BC.. karya-karana-kartritve hetuh prakritir uchyate.. purushah sukha-duhkhanam bhoktritve hetur uchyate.. Translation:-. BG 13.21: In the matter of creation, the material energy is responsible for cause and effect; in the matter of experiencing happiness and distress, the individual soul is declared responsible. ####.. #### दैवी ह्येषा गुणमयी मम माया दुरत्यया |. मामेव ये प्रपद्यन्ते मायामेतां तरन्ति ते || 14||.. Bhagavad Gita 7.14, 4000 BC.. daivi hyesha guna-mayi mama maya duratyaya.. mam eva ye prapadyante mayam etam taranti te.. Translation:- . BG 7.14: My divine energy Maya, consisting of the three modes of nature, is very difficult to overcome. But those who have SHRADDHA unto me cross over it easily. ####… #### उपद्रष्टानुमन्ता च भर्ता भोक्ता महेश्वर: |. परमात्मेति चाप्युक्तो देहेऽस्मिन्पुरुष: पर: || 23||.. Bhagavad Gita 13.23, 4000 BC .. upadrashtanumanta cha bharta bhokta maheshvarah.. paramatmeti chapy ukto dehe ’smin purushah parah.. Translation:-. BG 13.23: Within the body also resides the Supreme Lord. He is said to be the Witness, the Permitter, the Supporter, Transcendental Enjoyer, the ultimate Controller, and the Paramātmā (Supreme Soul). ####.. #### श्रीभगवानुवाच |. अक्षरं ब्रह्म परमं स्वभावोऽध्यात्ममुच्यते |.. भूतभावोद्भवकरो विसर्ग: कर्मसञ्ज्ञित: || 3||.. Bhagavad Gita 8.3, 4000 BC.. aksharam brahma paramam svabhavo dhyatmam uchyate.. bhuta-bhavodbhava-karo visargah karma-sanjnitah.. Translation:-. BG 8.3: The Blessed Lord said: The Supreme Indestructible Entity is called Brahman; one’s own self is called adhyātma. Actions pertaining to the material personality of living beings, and its development are called karma, or fruitive activities. ####.. ### त्रैगुण्यविषया वेदा निस्त्रैगुण्यो भवार्जुन |. निर्द्वन्द्वो नित्यसत्त्वस्थो निर्योगक्षेम आत्मवान् || 45||.. Bhagavad Gita 2.45, 4000 BC.. trai-gunya-vishaya veda nistrai-gunyo bhavarjuna.. nirdvandvo nitya-sattva-stho niryoga-kshema atmavan.. Translation:-. BG 2.45: The Vedas deal with the three modes of material nature, O Arjun. Rise above the three modes to a state of pure spiritual consciousness. Freeing yourself from dualities, eternally fixed in truth, and without concern for material gain and safety, be situated in the self. ####… #### य एवं वेत्ति पुरुषं प्रकृतिं च गुणै: सह |. सर्वथा वर्तमानोऽपि न स भूयोऽभिजायते || 24||.. Bhagavad Gita 13.24, 4000 BC.. ya evam vetti purusham prakritim cha gunaih saha.. sarvatha vartamano ’pi na sa bhuyo ’bhijayate.. Translation:-. BG 13.24: Those who understand the truth about Supreme Soul, the individual soul, material nature, and the interaction of the three modes of nature will not take birth here again. They will be liberated regardless of their present condition. ####.. #### यस्मात्क्षरमतीतोऽहमक्षरादपि चोत्तम: |. अतोऽस्मि लोके वेदे च प्रथित: पुरुषोत्तम: || 18||.. Bhagavad Gita 15.18, 4000 BC.. yasmat ksharam atito ’ham aksharad api chottamah.. ato ’smi loke vede cha prathitah purushottamah.. Translation:–. BG 15.18: I am transcendental to the perishable world of matter, and even to the imperishable soul; hence I am celebrated, both in the Vedas and the Smṛitis, as the Supreme Divine Personality. ####… #### न तदस्ति पृथिव्यां वा दिवि देवेषु वा पुन: |सत्वं प्रकृतिजैर्मुक्तं यदेभि: स्यात्त्रिभिर्गुणै: || 40|| .Bhagawad Gita Chapter 18.40 . 4000 BC.. na tad asti pṛithivyāṁ vā divi deveṣhu vā punaḥsattvaṁ prakṛiti-jair muktaṁ yad ebhiḥ syāt tribhir guṇaiḥ.. Translation: No living being on earth or the higher celestial abodes ( souls parked in astral layers in this material realm ( prakriti ) is free from the influence of these three modes of nature (gunas) . ####.. #### प्रकृते: क्रियमाणानि गुणै: कर्माणि सर्वश: |. अहङ्कारविमूढात्मा कर्ताहमिति मन्यते || 27||.. Bhagavad Gita 3.27, 4000 BC.. prakriteh kriyamanani gunaih karmani sarvashah.. ahankara-vimudhatma kartaham iti manyate.. Translation:- BG 3.27: All activities are carried out by the three modes of material nature. But in ignorance, the soul, deluded by false identification with the body, thinks itself to be the doer ####.. #### तत्त्ववित्तु महाबाहो गुणकर्मविभागयो: |. गुणा गुणेषु वर्तन्त इति मत्वा न सज्जते || 28||.. Nhagavad Gita 3.28, 4000 BC.. tattva-vit tu maha-baho guna-karma-vibhagayoh.. guna guneshu vartanta iti matva na sajjate.. Translation:-. BG 3.28: O mighty-armed Arjun, illumined persons distinguish the soul as distinct from guṇas and karmas. They perceive that it is only the guṇas (in the shape of the senses, mind, etc.) that move amongst the guṇas (in the shape of the objects of perception), and thus they do not get entangled in them. ####.. #### मां च योऽव्यभिचारेण भक्तियोगेन सेवते |. स गुणान्समतीत्यैतान्ब्रह्मभूयाय कल्पते || 26||.. Bhagavad Gita 14.26 , 4000 BC.. mam cha yo ’vyabhicharena SHRADDHA-yogena sevate.. sa gunan samatityaitan brahma-bhuyaya kalpate.. Translation:–. BG 14.26: Those who serve me with unalloyed SHRADDHA rise above the three modes of material nature and come to the level of Brahman. ####.. #### गुणानेतानतीत्य त्रीन्देही देहसमुद्भवान् |. जन्ममृत्युजरादु:खैर्विमुक्तोऽमृतमश्रुते || 20||.. Bhagavad Gita 14.20.. gunan etan atitya trin dehi deha-samudbhavan.. janma-mrityu-jara-duhkhair vimukto ’mritam ashnute.. Translation:-. BG 14.20: By transcending the three modes of material nature associated with the body, one becomes free from birth, death, old age, and misery, and attains immortality. ####.. #### सर्वेन्द्रियगुणाभासं सर्वेन्द्रियविवर्जितम् | . असक्तं सर्वभृच्चैव निर्गुणं गुणभोक्तृ च || 15||.. Bhagavad Gita 13.15, 4000 BC.. sarvendriya-gunabhasam sarvendriya-vivarjitam.. asaktam sarva-bhrich chaiva nirgunam guna-bhoktri cha .. Translation:- BG 13.15: though he perceives all sense-objects, yet he is devoid of the senses. he is unattached to anything, and yet he is the sustainer of all. although he is without attributes, yet he is the enjoyer of the three modes of material nature. ####.. #### बुद्धिर्ज्ञानमसम्मोह: क्षमा सत्यं दम: शम: |सुखं दु:खं भवोऽभावो भयं चाभयमेव च || 4||अहिंसा समता तुष्टिस्तपो दानं यशोऽयश: |भवन्ति भावा भूतानां मत्त एव पृथग्विधा: || 5|| Bhagawad Gita 10.4/ 5– 4000 BC .. buddhir jñānam asammohaḥ kṣhamā satyaṁ damaḥ śhamaḥsukhaṁ duḥkhaṁ bhavo ’bhāvo bhayaṁ chābhayameva chaahinsā samatā tuṣhṭis tapo dānaṁ yaśho ’yaśhaḥbhavanti bhāvā bhūtānāṁ matta eva pṛithag-vidhāḥ .. Translation:- – From me ( Brahman , field of consciousness of which soul is a tiny part of reduced frequency ) alone arise the varieties in the qualities amongst humans, such as intellect, knowledge, clarity of thought, forgiveness, truthfulness, control over the senses and mind, joy and sorrow, birth and death, fear and courage, non-violence, equanimity, contentment, austerity, charity, fame, and infamy. ####.. #### मया ततमिदं सर्वं जगदव्यक्तमूर्तिना | . मत्स्थानि सर्वभूतानि न चाहं तेष्ववस्थित: || 4||.. Bhagavad Gita 9.4, 4000 BC.. maya tatam idam sarvam jagad avyakta-murtina . mat-sthani sarva-bhutani na chaham teshvavasthitah .. Translation: BG 9.4: This entire cosmic manifestation is pervaded by me in my unmanifest form. All living beings dwell in me, but I do not dwell in them. ####..
> 
> The purpose of the gunas on MICRO SCALE is to provide experience for liberation. These gunas are present in all phenomena in different proportion. The gunas are said to be the fetters that keep the free soul in bondage and pain. Guna is a Sanskrit word which translates as “quality, peculiarity, attribute, or tendency”. Patanjali ( 5000 BC ) explains in the Yoga Sutras that you have to deal with the three psychic forces of the mind called the gunas, which govern the subconscious of all Prakriti.. The three gunas are the most subtle qualities of Nature that underlie matter, life and mind. They are the energies through which not only the surface mind, but our deeper consciousness functions. When Purusha ( consciousness ) interacts with Prakriti ( energy ) , there is a vibration in Prakriti. This vibration results in the three Gunas intermingling, and mixing in different proportions. Thus, according to Samkhya philosophy, the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti is responsible for the creation of both tangible materil along with the intangible elements such as the mind, intellect and ego. This entire universe and all its myriad worlds are produced by Prakriti’s gunas operating on their objects via the senses. The concept of the gunas is a simple one, but it’s a powerful and practical tool for understanding and navigating through the sea of life. Spirituality is all about finding and seating your consciousness in that which is eternal and unchanging. Prakriti functions through the reflection of the consciousness of the Purusha that occurs through the medium of the mind, Prakriti’s main power of manifestation. The Sanskrit / Malayalam word “guna” literally means quality, attribute, or characteristic.This universe is constituted of three Gunas. The combination of the three Gunas has produced this universe. It is subject to modifications. A disturbance in the equilibrium of the three Gunas has projected this universe. When one guna in an object reaches a predominant state that the other two gunas cannot affect it, we have creation.The relation between Purusha and Prakriti may be compared to that between a magnet and a piece of iron. Purusha itself does not come into contact with Prakriti. But it influences Prakriti by induction . Thus, the Prakriti is prompted to produce. As the gunas undergo more and more changes, Prakriti goes on differentiating into numerous, various world-objects. Thus it becomes more and more determinate. This is what is termed as evolution.All the levels of manifestation of the human (gross and subtle) are Prakriti, but have life due to the infusion of Purusha.. It is the primordial state of matter, even prior to matter as we know it in the physical sense. Prakriti manifests as the three gunas and the other evolutes. The individual soul or Purusha bound to the mind must progress through the realm of Prakriti in order to return to its true nature as part of the cosmic evolution of consciousness. To attain spiritual liberation, a spiritual aspirant has to transcend these three gunas.. As the gunas are part of prakriti (the subtlest matter) we need to transcend them all. Purusha, the Self, is never an object of experience; purusha is the subject—the one who is aware, the one who knows. Prakriti, on the other hand, encompasses everything that comes before us in the objective universe—whether psychological or material. Prakriti is all that can be known. . By apprehending the “feel” of each guna ( by svadhyaya ) and using that knowledge as a guide, you can move toward recognition of the knower—the purusha ( soul , piece of brahman ) —in you. . Sankhya philosophers say that life exists for the purpose of acquiring experience and knowing the Self. The gunas are meant to facilitate this spiritual endeavor. They reveal, conceal, and stir us up—all for the purpose of drawing us closer to purusha, the knower. These three qualities ( gunas ) of Tamas/ Rajas/ Sattva , delude the soul and make it forget its true nature, which is one with God. . Rajas denotes restlessness or active principle. Tamas is the principle of inertia and Sattva, serenity and harmony, is the equilibrium between rajas and tamas. Samsara is the realm of the gunas. Freedom is beyond these gunas.. Apavarga means a state in which the empowerment of gunas can be abandoned and transmigration into cycles of birth and rebirth etc can be terminated. Hence the word apavarga has been used for ‘liberation’. Liberation, means to transcend these three modes.. Prakriti expresses Herself through the three gunas.. The threads or qualities of all creation. Unlike Prakriti, the Purusha is only a Drashta or Sakshi (witness) of events in this universe. It merely plays the role of a spectator and does not create anything. All that exists in nature is divided into three gunas. Samkhya philosophy includes a theory of gunas (qualities, innate tendencies).. Prakriti does not cease once realization is attained, the material world does not disappear. But the union of Prakriti and Purusha is broken.. The yogi now lives liberated, remembering the experience of Purusha, keeping it lively in material consciousness. So as the gunas do their work, pulling us from extreme to extreme, the yogi stands in their true nature and the gunas no longer hold sway. The Jivan Mukt is a spiritual being living in the material world, peaceful and free.. A Jivan Mukt with soul of highest frequency is beyond all the three Gunas. Therefore, having fulfilled their part in his life, the gunas recede back into the essence from which they have come. They, which means, the world of three Gunas, no more undergoes any transformation in the experience of the enlightened sage. The Purusha had jumped from the Divine into the world of prakriti. There he learnt all the lessons that prakriti had to offer; He was covered by the Maya, of the three Gunas, which were constantly transforming his world. But, as yogi, he began coming out from one barrier after another, set for him by the Maya. The ultimate barrier of dharma megha also having been transcended, the Purusha is back into the divine. The whole prakriti of the three Gunas, cannot any more, set any barriers for him. He is now a muktha Purusha. Also resulting from that dharma-meghah samadhi, the three primary elements or gunas will have fulfilled their purpose, cease to transform into further transformations, and recede back into their essence.. Kaivala, liberation, comes when the Jivan Mukt has fulfilled the purusarthas, the fourfold aims of life, and has transcended the gunas. Aims and gunas return to their source, and consciousness is established in its own natural purity. Since the gunas no longer have any purpose to serve for the Atman, they resolve themselves into Prakriti. This is liberation. The Atman shines forth in its own pristine nature, as pure consciousness. When the highest purpose of life is achieved the three basic qualities do not excite responses in the mind. That is freedom. In other words, the Perceiver is no longer colored by the mind. When those primary elements involve, or resolve themselves back into that out of which they emerged, there comes liberation, wherein the power of pure consciousness becomes established in its true nature.. Indifference to the subtlest elements, constituent principles, or qualities themselves (gunas), achieved through a knowledge of the nature of pure consciousness (purusha), is called supreme non-attachment (paravairagya).. Gunatita  is onewho has transcended mind to his true nature. One who is balanced, not shaken by any circumstances. The mind is the Known. The knower is different than the known. The one who is aware of this is Gunatita . Krishna is unequivocal that three gunas are to be transcended, even as we journey among them. Rather than outright rejection of the gunas, balanced transcendence means accepting them and watching them as they continue to pass through the psyche in various permutations. Transcending them does not mean that they stop happening, only that we are not unduly encumbered by their influence. One who has transcended these gunas do not try to change an object, being or circumstance. Instead, they fully accept them as they are. So everything that happens or that we perceive are merely joinings and disjoinings of the gunas. The gunas alone do anything. Realizing this we should be stimulated to look beyond the gunas to the transcendent Spirit which is absolute Unity. By achieving equanimity, we can break free from the clutches of Prakriti. We would transcend the three Gunas completely. It is then that we would discover the seat of consciousness or Purusha within ourselves. We lose discernment between happiness and sorrow, good and bad, and eventually ‘me’ and ‘not me’. We hence remain unperturbed and unscathed by the ups and downs of life–heaven or hell, rain or sun, pleasure or pain. We become enlightened and virtuous, yet unstoppable, fearless and free. The objective of yoga is to harmonize rajas and tamas back into sattva which needs to dominate before Purusha can realize it own true nature. This is self-realization. When self-realization is attained through a dominant sattva, the other two gunas are not ‘dead’. They are just not active; however, they can be called upon into action if the sattva so desires. So, for a realized person, the gunas are under the control of sattva and come into play when the consciousness is projected outward. At the microcosmic level, the three gunas manifest themselves at different levels of consciousness. The evolutionary scale is representative of different organizations of three gunas, with one guna being predominant, overshadowing the remaining two. It is this predominance which characterizes an object- a thing being good, bad or indifferent; a thing being pure, impure or neutral. Prakriti is manifest in everything that we see and experience with all of our senses, that with name and form. It is finite, mutable, and manifold with multiple features and elements that are always changing. Prakriti is dependent, perishable, governed and subordinate.. Prakriti is the physical realm – the external realm of our senses. It is what we see, hear, touch, taste and feel. Everything, our nature and behavior – our very minds – are affected by the innate qualities of Prakriti. These principles are called the gunas. As the gunas churn together, the manifest world of Prakriti evolves out of the primordial matrix. All gunas create attachment and thus bind one’s self to the ego. The ego along with the gunas rajas and tamas causes identification with the body and make us forget our true Self (Atman, Consciousness). The gunas are constantly at work. The mind is thrown out of balance. While the yogi’s goal is to cultivate sattva, his or her ultimate goal is to transcend their misidentification of the self with the gunas. Krishna says to Arjuna that the Supreme Entity is called the Brahman. Time, space, the chain of cause and effect, etc., are all characteristics of the material realm. However, the Brahman is beyond these, as He is transcendental to the material plane. Brahman indicates the one changeless and imperishable Essence behind the phenomenal world. It is the Self or the Principle of Consciousness which illumines the body, mind and intellect. Its presence in each individual body is called ADHYATMA, THE INDIVIDUAL SOUL. The soul within you was once part of BRAHMAN ( PARAMATMA ) THE MOTHER FIELD at the seventh astral layer .. You have been sent on planet earth to gain experience as every form of life .. As you graduated from lower forms to highest forms of life your soul frequency increased.. As a Jivan Mukt your soul is at highest frequency, same as brahman the mother field.. Your karmic baggage and ego is now zero..You get moksha from endless re-births and your soul merges with brahman.. You are now GOD .. This is real homecoming.. You give your experiences to brahmAn as a closed feedback loop.. Planet earth is a school for brahman..You are given infinite attempts to get moksha… When feedback from soul to brahmAn become stagnant , there will be pralaya.. Release (moksha) consists in the spirit’s extrication from prakriti by its own recognition of its total difference from it and non-involvement in it. In these extremely subtle experiences or realizations, one comes to see that there is really very little to know, and gradually the three gunas recede back into the prakriti from which they arose, along with the realization of liberation or kaivalya . The Purusha had jumped from the Divine into the world of prakriti. There he learnt all the lessons that prakriti had to offer; He was covered by the Maya, of the three Gunas, which were constantly transforming his world. But, as yogi, he began coming out from one barrier after another, set for him by the Maya. The ultimate barrier of dharma megha also having been transcended, the Purusha is back into the divine. The whole prakriti of the three Gunas, cannot any more, set any barriers for him. He is now a muktha Purusha. Also resulting from that dharma-meghah samadhi, the three primary elements or gunas will have fulfilled their purpose, cease to transform into further transformations, and recede back into their essence. The three gunas are called: sattva (goodness, calmness, harmonious), rajas (passion, activity, movement), and tamas (ignorance, inertia, laziness). All of these three gunas are present in everyone and everything, it is the proportion that is different, The living being or substance is viewed as the net result of the joint effect of these three qualities.. The balance of Gunas of everything and everyone can change and does. The force to change comes from the Rajas guna, the Sattva guna empowers one towards harmonious and constructive change, while Tamas guna checks or retards the process. Basically it is the dance of opposites ( Brahma/ Shiva ) controlled by a mediator Vishnu. The Hindu Advaita god is Brahman, the morphogenetic field of consciousness. At a micro scale it is the empty space within an atom in which electrons whizz around in Mobius perpetual motion , which is 99.9999 % of the atom .. At macro scale it is the Akasha ( Zero Point Field ) of the vast cosmos… By itself Advaita field cannot do much.. This is why we superimpose the Dvaita template ( second ) on the Advaita Vedanta ( base ) template.. Dvaita Vedanta ( it has nothing to do with fake Madhavacharya cooked up by Jew Rothschild where soul was never part of Brahman ) has the Hindu god trinity ( with their wives Saraswati/ Laxmi Parvati ) inherent.. Brahma ( creator ) / Vishnu ( mediator ) / Shiva ( destroy )..In reality nothing is being created or destroyed, it is only transformed ( energy) . Vishnu holds the FULCRUM in a dynamic manner as explained by the Planetary gear. . Brahma and Shiva are merely opposite forces , like evaporation and condensation.. Vishnu decides when , with what force as mediator and for how long as sustainer.. Vishnu can change scalar energy to vector… In the state of sattva, we are neither urged towards an external object, nor are we unconscious.. Tamas ( Shiva ) and Rajas ( Brahma ) are opposite poles like CONDENSATION and EVAPORATION.. It cannot be called CREATION or DEATH.. Sattva ( Vishnu ) is the mediator/ preserver.. Only Vishnu can have mortal avatars.. Purusha and Prakriti are Sankya Vedanta ( third template ) concepts.. From the point of view of pure consciousness, the mind is also an object; it is not a subject, though it appears as a subject in respect to physical objects outside. Inasmuch as the mind also stands in the position of an object, it comes within the law of nature and is conditioned by the gunas constituted of sattva, rajas and tamas. In this movement of the three gunas, the mind is also set in motion. That is why the mind is restless. The mind never rests for a moment, because it is urged by the law of evolution. When the universe evolves, moves forward, the mind and body and every blessed conceivable thing is drawn, dragged together by the force of the evolutionary urge. In this motion, the gunas of prakriti are not in a state of balance. They are perpetually moving. There is up and down, progression and retrogression, coming down and going up, etc., so that there is an unintelligible activity going on both outside and inside oneself. Gunavritti virodhat – on account of the opposition of the gunas, , there cannot be permanent equilibrium in this world. This is what drives evolution.


**Kerala Kings did everything**

> KING AKHENATEN EXISTED.. MOSES DID NOT EXIST.. THEIR CONNECTION IS PURELY BY BOTH ADOPTING  YHVH ( YAHVEH ) THE GOD BRAHMAN THE FIELD OF VEDAS  AS THEIR SOLE GOD.. There are several verses in Vedas penned down 7000 years ago praising / in gratitude to God YAHVAH..  In Hebrew created by Kerala semites there are no vowels.. Sanskrit has one meaning for one word, and this extends to proper nouns.. There are no synonyms in Sanskrit.  THE SANSKRIT MEANING OF YAHVA , GOD IN VEDAS, IS  A WORD FOR MAHAT ( BRAHMAN THE FIELD ),OR COSMIC INTELLIGENCE..

> THE NEXT REVOLUTION MUST BE TO DESTROY EVIL ON THIS PLANET AND IT MUST BE A REVOLUTION OF KALKI CONSCIOUSNESS USING THE INTERNET AS THE MEDIUM

**Prakrti and Sex / Deviancy and Judaism**

> Somebody called me up and cried.. Captain you cleared the air  about BrahmAn without Gunas.. Can you clear the air about PRAKRITI with gunas.. The traitor female judge Indu Malhotra launched into a foul and extravagant explanation about Prakriti and VIKRITI to justify legalizing HOMOSEXUALTY in India.. Listen this FEMALE JUDGE OF SUPREME COURT INDU MALHOTRA is a greater traitor than Zakir Naik.. The Jewish Deep state gears are turning to make this traitor Judge the CHIEF JUSTICE OF INDIA.. Homosexuality pushing judge Indu Malhotra ( catapulted mysteriously from Rothschild’s darling “activist lawyer” to supreme court judge ) made a great show of  describing homosexuality using words like PRAKRITI and VIKRITI. This is what this “baffling with bull ” female judge is worth ! VIKRITI is a Sanskrit Malayalam word used in Ayurveda.. Vikriti is the imbalance that results when we are not living in harmony with  nature.  In Malayalam we use the word Vikriti to describe mischief – something that is altered from its natural state.. THERE ARE NO SYNONYMS IN SANSKRIT—ONE WORD , ONE MEANING.. The Monier Willaims dictionary has only 45% words and that too supercharged with fake synoniums.. This is how Mahamritunjaya Mantra calls URVARUKAM as Kerala CUCUMBER— not its real meaning “ POWERFUL AFFLICTION”.. Cucumber in Sanskrit  is karkkati   ..  I can call stupid Judge Indu Malhotra on TV for a LIVE debate and ask her 1000 questions on PRAKRITI, she will get ZERO percent marks.. Indu Malhotra lied inside Supreme court that most species on this planet exhibit homosexual tendencies.. You give me a hall full of 500 females and 500 males between the ages 14 to 45..  I will put a spray into the AC ventilator duct and cause all 1000 inside the hall to start kissing and groping the private parts boy to boy and girl to girl.. Once all judges are convinced I will put another spray and cause all 1000 inside the hall to start hugging, then kissing then groping the private parts girl to boy and then wild uninhibited sex ….. One constituent of this spray will be oxytocin.. the other two hormones in this mixture, I will not reveal..  I can make a bull hump the sprayed vagina of a dummy plastic cow.. This is the way it is done all over the planet today ( including India ) to collect sperm, which is immediately frozen cryogenically.. Our Indian judiciary is the worst on this planet.. My Dutch Chief Engineer showed me a video of his mother wanking the bulls in his farm.. Then one day they caught his 13 year old sister wanking bull’s dong with her knickers down to her ankles, and then they stopped wanking and started using a mannequin cow.. See the video below.. The bull ejaculates in seconds.. ####   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yHCg2bxJuE &nbsp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yHCg2bxJuE &nbsp); ####… The Jewish Deep state is hell bent on proving that homosexuality is normal human behavior…  ####   [https://captajitvadakayil.in/2021/03/11/jewish-commie-deep-state-mouth-piece-bbc-brainwashes-9-year-old-children-that-there-are-more-than-100-genders-and-that-becoming-a-transgender-is-a-sure-way-to-happiness-capt-ajit-vadakayil/ &nbsp](https://captajitvadakayil.in/2021/03/11/jewish-commie-deep-state-mouth-piece-bbc-brainwashes-9-year-old-children-that-there-are-more-than-100-genders-and-that-becoming-a-transgender-is-a-sure-way-to-happiness-capt-ajit-vadakayil/ &nbsp); ####… European Jews have a problem because their ancestors were cannibals.. 99.9% homosexuals are pedophiles..  INDEED SINCE BHAGAVAD GITA WAS PENNED DOWN 6000 YEARS AGO, NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD WHAT KRISHNA MEANT BY PRAKRITI AND THE THREE GUNAS..  At every literary fest Indian traitors are chosen to run down their own watan and praise the invader who enslaved us for 800 years.. My father was born a slave..  ####   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNwPD0I5Tms &nbsp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNwPD0I5Tms &nbsp); ####…  I will explain for the LCD ( lowest common denominator ) or nobody will understand on this planet..  If you find me wanting in my explanation, I will eat my own head..  I will first explain Prakriti and the three gunas for the MACROCOSM .. For the MICROCOSM the soul within is Purusha and Prakriti plays the game of Maya… The ‘union’ of Purusha ( consciousness )  and Prakriti ( scalar  energy ) brings about the creation of the cosmos ..   Sankhya Vedanta is about the observer and the observed , advanced Quantum physics.. The observer is PURUSHA ( Shiva as consciousness ) and the observed is PRAKRITI ( Shakti as energy ) . When the insentient Prakriti comes in contact with the sentient Purusha matter forms the universe evolves.. Prakriti is made up of the three Gunas or qualities— Sattva, Rajas and Tamas.  .  As long as the world is manifest, the three gunas are always in flux. They assert themselves in various proportions, giving rise to ever-changing world of manifest forms.. At the beginning of evolution, Purusha ( brahmAn ) comes in contact with Prakriti which disturbs the equilibrium state of the three gunas..  At  the time of evolution, names, forms and life arise from Prakriti and at the  time of dissolution they go back into it.  But Prakriti, independent of BrahmAn the field cannot generate anything. Prakriti is the  BrahmaAn’s instrument of creation, preservation and dissolution.  Hence BrahmAn  is  the ultimate cause of the Universe.. Gunas are always present in Prakriti. The unmanifest state is one of equilibrium of the three gunas. At the time of dissolution, when the objects merge back into Prakriti, there is no dissolution for the gunas; they just merge back into Prakriti.   Samkhya cosmology , the third template of Sanatana Dharma, elucidated in Bhagavd Gita combines the three guṇas with primal energy/ matter ( Prakriti).  These are present in all things and beings in the world, and it is their interplay that defines the physical and psychological character and nature.. Purusha, or consciousness, is separate from Prakriti and changeless..  Prakriti is the potency that brings about evolution and change in the empirical universe. It is described in Bhagavad Gita as the “primal motive force”. It is the essential constituent of the universe and is at the basis of all the activity of the creation..  The three gunas ( Tamas/ Rajas/ Sattva ) are the constituents of nature, the substance of Prakriti.  The tendency to inertia is Tamas..  The tendency to movement or action is called Rajas.  Sattva is a equilibrium state which supervenes when both the conditions of tamas and rajas subside. . Purusha is solitary because even though as consciousness he is the Witness to the effects produced by Prakriti and her three gunas,  Purusha remains pure and untouched.  The three gunas are born of Prakriti.   It is their imbalance that causes the wheels-within-wheels to turn and produce the hologram.  After a cyclical Dissolution of the world the gunas return to and remain in a state of perfect balance until next time of Creation.  Purusha abides in Prakriti (prakritsthas) as Witness to the effects of her gunas.. Purusha is the Witness and experiencer. Prakriti works through the three gunas and the five senses to produce what Purusha experiences.. ####   मयाध्यक्षेण प्रकृति: सूयते सचराचरम् |. हेतुनानेन कौन्तेय जगद्विपरिवर्तते || 10||..Bhagavad Gita 9.10, 4000 BC… mayadhyakshena prakritih suyate sa-characharam.. hetunanena kaunteya jagad viparivartate..  Translation:-.  BG 9.10: Working under My direction, this material energy brings into being all animate and inanimate forms, O son of Kunti. For this reason, the material world undergoes the changes (of creation, maintenance, and dissolution)..  As Prakriti consists of the three gunas, every object  in Prakriti is compounded of these three gunas.. Purusha, or supreme consciousness ( BrahmAn ) , is the impassive observer of all phenomena. Prakriti,  excited  in response to Purusa’s attention , has her gunas ( Yin-Yang or Tamas –Rajas ) thrown out of equilibrium. . She moves from transcendence to immanence and undergoes a series of transformations through which the multiform world comes into being.  Purusha, was never really in bondage, or enmeshed with Prakriti.  Sankhya philosophy unified the Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hinduism in a most interesting manner.   Here when the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.  Check out the allegory- Purusha is bewitched nay entranced by Prakriti .  Prakriti is only too eager to oblige by displaying her subtle charms.. Just like a stage dancer,  after having performed for the observer , stops dancing, so does Prakṛiti cease to perform for the Puruṣha when her task is accomplished.   Female Prakirti  has danced for male Puruṣha, and as he is no longer interested in her (“I have seen her”), she stops forever (“I have already been seen”).. Sankhya thus is an intelligent theory of evolution and understanding the universe.  The dancing girl dances as long as the male observer is there. The moment the observer ceases to look at her and understands the dance perfectly, she fails to amuse him anymore. All three gunas ( Rajas/ Sattva / Tamas ) are the domain of the matrix,  Prakriti’s temporal illusionary HOLOGRAM ( Maya ). 54 TRIPLE INTERSECTIONS of Sri Yantra relate to the 3 gunas ( Rajas/ Sattva/ Tamas ).. Sanskrit has 54 alphabets.  Veda srutis and matras ( only in Sanskrit ) can affect the entire cosmos.. The three gunas exist in Dvaita vedanta as well as Sankhya vedanta –two templates super imposed on Advaita vedanta .. Gunas cause change .. When the system becomes stagnant, there will be pralaya..  These are the nine dravyas ( 9 triangles of the Sri yantra ) and these alone describe everything existing in the universe. These are the building blocks of the cosmos  world described through their gunas/attributes and karma/motion..  ####   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAH2p5MNXiQ &nbsp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAH2p5MNXiQ &nbsp); ####… Dravya are the building blocks of 108 elements which is inherent in the Sri Yantra . .  Kerala Danava sage Kanada Muni in his sutras enumerates real entities irrespective of whether they can be perceived through the sense organs or not. These are conceivable by the mind of the observer who is central to his world. Among nine dravyas, the first four compose the non-eternal matter, mind is the eternal but invisible dravya and the remaining four are eternal and incapable of motion as per Kanada Muni ( 6500 BC )..  Space is one among these nine and Kanada recognizes it as an independent positive entity which is neither absence of matter nor an abstract concept. Spatial separation can only apply to matter since eternal dravyas which are incapable of motion can neither be separated nor brought together. Although mind can move, it is invisible. Therefore all that remains in Kanada’s classification of dravyas is matter. The separation is an identifier and the identification is with reference to the observing mind. It is also significant that the displacement of matter is observed relative to another piece of matter..  His sutra says that  mind recognizes space when matter is displaced relative to another piece of matter..  Both space and time are characterized by their guna/attribute of – partva-aparatva/ being together – separated. In Kanada’s definition, the dravyas are understood and defined through their gunas/attributes and each of these dravyas is non-repetitive and unique. Therefore time and space can be recognized as two separate entities if and only if their difference is established. . Space for Kanada is devoid of motion and therefore it is only the matter in motion when the cosmos is mentioned and space is still..  This fits with the idea of cosmological model of Vedanta in which time is said to collapse in the rest period between the cosmic creation and dissolution, and that must be true if time is a function of ‘state of motion’ of the cosmos which comes to a rest in this period between creations and dissolutions.. The Sankhya school of philosophy, which follows Prakrti – Parinama-vada, describes the origination and evolution of universe through its theory of Satkāryavāda ,  the theory of causation.  The manifested effect is pre-existent in the cause; and the original cause of everything that is perceived (Prakriti) is Purusha, which is eternal consciousness..  In evolution the total energy always remains the same redistributed between causes and effects, the totality of effects exists in the totality of causes in the potential form. The collocations and regroupings of the three Gunas (attribute ) induce more differentiated evolutes; they constitute the changes leading to evolutions i.e. from cause to effect, which process is based on Satkaryavada, the doctrine the effect is existent in the cause even before the causal process has started to produce the effect operating in accordance with the two laws of conservation of matter and energy. According to Satkaryavada  theory the effect is existent in the cause; the original cause of everything that is perceived is Prakriti.  Satkaryavada is a hypothesis according to which the effect pre-exists in a potential state. The causal process involves a modification of a stable underlying reality. The effect is not produced as a reality that is distinct from its underlying cause. It is a specific rearrangement of that causal substrate..  TILL TODAY NOBODY –REPEAT–NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD SANKHYA VEDANTA  .. CUNT Wikipedia calls it saMkhya , they don’t even know the spelling of saNkhya which is empirical enumeration in Sanskrit and Malayalam.. People pretend they understand what Krishna told Arjuna in Bhagavad gita about the 3 gunas and Prakriti , and that too in a limited manner of MICROSCOPIC SCALE.. .. I shall explain Sankhya ..and this explanation will hold good till the sun goes supernova.. throw everything else in the garbage bin.. IF I WERE THE PM , I WOULD HAVE FORMED MILITARY COURTS THE SAME DAY, JAILED JUDGE INDU MALHOTRA FOR LYING IN COURT ON BEHALF OF THE JEWISH DEEP STATE..

**Cosmological Evolution**
>Prakriti is described in Bhagavad Gita as the “primal motive force”. All action is entirely done by the gunas of Prakriti. Purusha cannot be Prakriti and Prakriti cannot be Purusha. Prakriti is the non-self. It is devoid of consciousness. Prakriti can only manifest itself as the various objects of experience of the Purusha. Purusha ( Brahman / morphogenetic consciousness field ) is static. Prakriti is the dynamic side of Brahman. Sankhya is not a godless system as written by the shallow minded white man. In each cycle of creation, Purusha enters into Prakriti and this union unfolds as the cosmos. In the pralaya or dissolution at the end of the cosmic cycle or Kalpa, all creation withdraws into the now formless Prakriti. Both purusha and prakriti are eternal. Purusha remains perpetually changeless. Prakrti goes on ceaselessly changing, due to the interaction between its own gunas of sattva, rajas and tamas. Earth, water, fire, air and ether; their counterparts smell, taste, sight, touch and sound; the senses of perception and organs of action; mind, intelligence, consciousness and ego are all parts of nature. Ego, consciousness and intelligence are sensitive and elusive.

**Jew Hatred**

> **WHO KICKED BHARATMATA INTO THE JEWISH DEEP STATE WHOREHOUSE OF ADULTERY/  LIVING TOGETHER/ HOMOSEXUALITY/  LEGALIZED BITCOIN /  MOTHBALLING INDIAN COAL / PUTTING ROTHSCHILD ON THE DRIVERS SEAT OF INDIAN BANKING AND INSURANCE/  DESTROYING SANATANA DHARMA FROM WITHIN/  ALLOWING FOREIGN PAYROLL TRAITOR INDIAN JUDGES TO PLAY GOD/  SUSTAINING DESH DROHI WHITE-GREEN REVOLUTIONS/ DOING ENDLESS PROPAGANDA FOR ROTHSCHILD CREATED FAKE GODS AND HEROES,  — – –  HIS DEEP CUTS WHICH BLEED BHARATMATA ARE JUST TOO MANY..**

