A misconception is that science explains reality and that contradicts religion. But that is not the case, as science only explains how questions.

For example, a common argument religions use is that yes, things exist, but shouldn't there be a creator to put it in place? And someone would response, no, life formed via evolution, and the cosmos formed most probably due to the big bang. The religious person need not be at odds with this to still stick to his idea that his religion is true. Because they can say that creating things in a uniform manner was the way of god, and the world formed according to his plan.

For example, say you are an inventor, and you created a phone. After a while someone sees that phone, and someone tells them that this phone had a creator. The first person, not knowing about my existence, might reason that maybe it was always there. The second person may disagree. The first person can take a bit more rational approach and say that the phone came into being by natural causes. That is, it was brought here by someone who got it from a factory, where the machines exerted the forces on the raw materials, and it came into being. We can even prove the factory exists. But it still doesn't answer the question of how the raw materials got into the factory, and the machines were started, or how the factory was built. A creator definitely did put them in place.

A deeper question to ask would be how the creator put them into place. The why in this case would be because the creator wanted to build the phone. This argument is the same one given by religious people. But if I ask the questions of why did the creator have such an intention, or how did they become to have such an intention, that becomes subjective.

Nextly, what is the intention of the creator with the creation, is another subjective matter. Abrahamic religions state that the creator wanted the creation to admire his superiority, and worship him. As long as worship is given, he is merciful. But if you take by analogy, what did the creator of a phone want from people who bought his phone? Did they want money, recognition, or did they just want to make people happy? It is subjective, but only if the latter is the case, are they someone worthy of respect.
