There are 108 

There are 13 Mukhya Upanishads, and 95 in the Muktika canon.

Mukhya Upanishads were composed before CE. Muktika was finished by around 15th century CE.

There are newer Upanishads, but they mostly deal with non-Vedic topics. There are also many collections other than the Muktika collection, such as the Oupnekhet collection (50 books), Colebrooke collection (52 books), etc.

Here's the list (Source: https://www.templepurohit.com/upanishads-details-list-108-upanishads-classifications/): 
# Rigveda
1. **Aitareya**: Upanishadic texts are regarded divine in origin and are part of the Shruti literature. They’re linked to a number of ancient seers’ names. Some of them lived for at least twenty generations prior to Lord Krishna and the Mahabharata war’s most likely date. Yagnavalkya, Uddalaka Aruni, Shandilya, Aitareya, Pipplapada, and Sanatkumara were among the most prominent of these sages.
2. **Kausitaki**: Inside the Rigveda lies the Kaushitaki Upanishad, an ancient Sanskrit literature. It is linked to the Kaushitaki shakha, but it is a Samanya Upanishad, which means it is “common” to all Vedanta schools. It is number 25 in the Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads, and was included in Robert Hume’s list of 13 Principal Upanishads.
3. **Atmabodha**: One of the 108 Upanishadic Hindu writings written in Sanskrit is the Atmabodhopanishad. It is one of the ten Upanishads that are linked to the Rigveda. It is a Vedanta Upanishad or universal (Samanya) Upanishad. The Atmabodha Upanishad opens with a hymn to the god Vishnu (Narayana), but then moves on to its central topic, Atmabodha, which means “state of inner self knowing.”
4. **Mudgala**: The Mudgala Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit during the Middle Ages. It belongs to the Rigveda and is categorised as a Samanya Upanishad. The Mudgala Upanishad is one of two Upanishads that explore the Rigveda’s Purusha Sukta, along with the Subala Upanishad.
5. **Nirvana**: The Nirvana Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad that is written in the manner of a sutra. One of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads, the text is linked to the Rig Veda. It’s a brief book that’s famous for its condensed, aphoristic presentation of metaphors and allegories.
6. **Tripura**: The Tripura Upanishad is a Hindu minor Upanishad from the mediaeval period. The work is regarded as a Shakta Upanishad and is linked to the Rigveda. It is written in Sanskrit. As an Upanishad, it is part of the Vedanta literature collection that presents Hinduism’s intellectual beliefs.
7. **Saubhagya-lakshmi**: The Saubhagyalakshmi Upanishad, also known as the Saubhagyalakshmyupanishad, is a minor Upanishadic work of Hinduism. Saubhagya means auspicious, and Lakshmi is a divinity. It is one of the 10 Upanishads related to the Rigveda and is categorised as one of the 8 Shakta Upanishads. It is written in Sanskrit.
8. **Bahvrca**: The Bahvricha Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the eight Shakta Upanishads, and it is part of the Rigveda.
9. **Aksamalika**: The Akshamalika Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It has a connection to the Rigveda. It is one of 14 Upanishads devoted to Shiva.
10. **Nadabindu**: The Nadabindu Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads. Amrita Nada Bindu Upanishad is another name for it.
# Sama Veda
1.  **Kena**: The Kena Upanishad is a Vedic Sanskrit literature that is part of the Samaveda’s Talavakara Brahmanam and is considered as one of the basic or Mukhya Upanishads. The Muktik, Hinduism’s canon of the 108 Upanishads, lists it at number two.
2. **Chandogya**: The Chandogya Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature included in the Hindu Sama Veda’s Chandogya Brahmana. One of the most ancient Upanishads. The Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads ranks it at number 9.
3. **Mahat**: The Maha Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature that is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. A Samanya Upanishad is the title given to the text.
4. **Maitrayani**: The Maitrayaniya Upanishad’s etymological origin is unknown. This has resulted in a number of names and spellings for this Upanishad throughout history. The terms Maitra and Maitri are connected and indicate “kindly, beneficent, good will, amity, friend of all things.”
5. **Vajrasuci**: The Vajrasuchi Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad and an important Sanskrit literature. It is regarded as a Vedanta work and is one of the 22 Samanya (universal) Upanishads. It belongs to the Samaveda.
6. **Savitri**: The Savitri Upanishad, also known as the Savitryupanishad, is a Sanskrit literature and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the Samanya Upanishads and is linked to the Samaveda. The title of the work refers to the Hindu Sun God.
7. **Aruneya**: The Aruneya Upanishad is a minor Upanishad among Hinduism’s 108 Upanishads. It is written in the Sanskrit language. It is one of the Samaveda’s 16 Upanishads. It’s referred to as a Sannyasa Upanishad.
8. **Kundika**: The Kundika Upanishad, often called Kundikopanishad, is an ancient Hindu literature and minor Upanishad. It is one of the 16 Upanishads associated with the Sama Veda and one of the 19 Sannyasa Upanishads.
9. **Maitreyi**: The Maitreya Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 16 Upanishads in the Samaveda, one of the 20 Sannyasa (Renunciation) Upanishads, and one of the Vedanta Upanishads. It is written in Sanskrit. In the contemporary day anthology of 108 Upanishads, the passage is numbered 29 in the serial order of the Muktika enumerated by Rama to Hanuman.
10. **Samnyasa**: The Brihat-Sannyasa Upanishad is a Sanskrit work from the 14th or 15th century that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is connected to the Samaveda.
11. **Jabaladarsana**: The Upanishad of Jabala Darsana is a Vaishnava Upanishad. It’s from the Sama Veda. It is portrayed as a dialogue between Sankrithi, a devotee, and Lord Dattatreya, who is characterised as a Vishnu incarnation, regarding the many parts of the eightfold yoga, or ashtanga yoga, namely Yama, Niyama, Aasana, Pranayama, Prathyahara, Dharana, Dhyana, and Samadhi.
12. **Yogachudamani**: The Yoga Chudamani Upanishad is a Sama Vedic text. There are 121 verses in all. It is intended for yogis seeking freedom and deals with the practise of yoga for self-purification, as the name indicates. Yoga practitioners can use the Upanishad’s information to calm their thoughts and experience self-absorption. Pranayama (breath control) should be done while reciting the Hamsa mantra, according to the Upanishad.
13. **Avyakta**: The Avyakta Upanishad is a minor Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit. It is one of the 16 Upanishads associated with the Samaveda and belongs to the Vaishnava Upanishad.
14. **Vasudeva**: The Vasudeva Upanishad (Sanskrit: Vasudevopanishad) is one of 108 Hindu Upanishad writings written in Sanskrit. This late mediaeval age minor Upanishad is related to the Samaveda and belongs to the Vaishnava tradition, which worships Vishnu and his incarnation Krishna. The Urdhva Pundra – the Vaishnava tilaka – is one of the 14 Vaishnava Upanishads dedicated to Vaishnava holy markings. Krishna describes it in a speech to the sage Narada.
15. **Jabali**: The Jabali Upanishad (also known as the Jabalyupanishad) is a Sanskrit literature and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is associated with the Samaveda and is regarded as a Shaiva Upanishad.
16. **Rudrakshajabala**: Rudraksajabala Upanishat is one of 108 Upanishadic Hindu writings written in Sanskrit. It is devoted to the Rudraksha, a seed that is revered to the god Shiva and is utilised as prayer beads. The literature is related with the Samaveda and belongs to the Shaiva sect, which worships Shiva. It is one of 14 Shaiva Upanishads. It is told as a dialogue between Shiva’s avatar Kalagni Rudra and Sage Sanatkumara.
# Yajurveda
Some are in the Krishna Yajur Veda rescension, and the others are in the Tattriya Yajur Veda rescension.

1. **Kaatha**: The Kaatha Upanishad (Kathopanisad) is one of the mukhya (basic) Upanishads, found in the Krishna Yajurveda’s Katha school’s last eight brief parts. It is also known as the Kathaka Upanishad and is the third of the 108 Upanishads in the Muktika canon.
2. **Taittiriya**: The Taittirya Upanishad is a Sanskrit work from the Vedic era that is imbedded in the Yajurveda as three chapters (adhyya). It is a mukhya Upanishad, and it was most likely written in the 6th century BC.
3. **Isavasya**: The Isa or Isavasya Upanishad declares God or Brahmaan to be the solitary resident of all that exists, a doctrine known as non-dualism or Advaita. It shares certain parallels with the Bhagavadgita’s teachings. The Bhagavadgita, for example, includes eighteen chapters while the Isa Upanishad has eighteen verses. The eighteen verses are as crucial as the 18 chapters in many respects. The Upanishad summarises the meaning and goal of human life in 18 verses, as well as the attitude with which one should live on earth and leave from it.
4. **Brihadaranyaka**: The Brihadaranyaka Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s early Upanishadic texts and one of the Principal Upanishads. The Brihadaranyaka Upanishad is the tenth Upanishad of the Muktika, or “canon of 108 Upanishads,” and is considered sacred by several Hindu sects.
5. **Akshi**: The Akshi Upanishad (also known as the Akshy Upanishad) is a Sanskrit literature and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 21 Samanya (generic) Upanishads and is linked to the Krishna Yajurveda. The book is divided into two pieces and is written as a speech from the Sun deity.
6. **Ekakshara**: The Ekakshara Upanishad, also known as the Ekaksharopanishad, is a small Hindu Upanishad literature written in Sanskrit. It is a Samanya (universal) Upanishad that is linked to the Krishna Yajurveda.
7. **Garbha**: The Garbha Upanishad, also known as the Garbhopanishad, is a minor Upanishad that means “Esoteric Doctrine over the Embryo.” It is number 17 in a contemporary compilation of 108 Hindu Upanishad manuscripts. It is a Sanskrit Upanishad that some academics identify with the Krishna Yajurveda, while others associate it with the Atharvaveda. It is one of the 35 Samanya Upanishads (generic Upanishads). The book is attributed to sage Pippalada in the Upanishad’s final verse, although the text’s chronology and author are unknown, and the surviving copies are damaged, inconsistent, and fragmentary.
8. **Prnagnihotra**: The Pranagnihotra Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad that is considered minor. It is number 94 in the Muktika canon’s collection of 108 Upanishads, told by Rama to Hanuman. The Sanskrit work is part of the Vedanta school of Hindu philosophical literature and is linked to the Atharva Veda. There are 23 verses in the Upanishad.
9. **Svetasvatara**: The term Svetasvatara Upanishad comes from the name of the sage who wrote it. It belongs to the Yajurveda’s Taittiriya school. It is categorised as a Shaiva Upanishad. With its emphasis on Shiva and, in some ways, a faint suggestion of devotional theism, it is not only a prominent Upanishad, but also one of the first.
10. **Sariraka**: The Sariraka Upanishad is a minor Upanishad that ranks 62 out of 108 Upanishads in the current anthology. It is one of the 32 Upanishads in the Krishna Yajurveda, and is regarded as one of the Samanya (universal) Upanishads, as well as one of numerous devoted mystical physiological Upanishads.
11. **Sukarahasya**: The Shukarahasya Upanishad, commonly known as the Rahasya Upanishad, is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit. It belongs to the Krishna Yajurveda and is regarded as one of the 21 Samanya Upanishads.
12. **Skanda**: The Skanda Upanishad, also known as the Skandopanishad, is one of Hinduism’s 108 Upanishads, written in Sanskrit. It is a Samanya (universal) Upanishad that is linked to the Krishna Yajurveda, one of the 32 Upanishads mentioned under it.
13. **Sarvasara**: The Sarvasara Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s 22 Samanya (universal) Upanishads and is written in Sanskrit. The text is one of two devoted glossaries hidden inside the collection of ancient and mediaeval times 108 Upanishads, along with the Niralamba Upanishad.
14. **Adhyatma**: The Adhyatma Upanishad, also known as the Adhyatmopanishad, is one of the 108 Upanishad Hindu writings written in Sanskrit. It is one of the Shukla Yajurveda’s (White Yajurveda) 19 Upanishads. It is classed as a Samanya Upanishad (non-sectarian). Uriyatita Avadhuta Upanishad is another name for it. The Upanishad explains what it means to be a Brahman.
15. **Niralamba**: The Sanskrit book Niralamba Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s 22 Samanya (general) Upanishads. The work, along with the Sarvasara Upanishad, is one of two devoted glossaries on 29 major principles of Hindu philosophy hidden inside the collection of ancient and mediaeval times 108 Upanishads.
16. **Paingala**: The Paingala Upanishad is a Sanskrit work from the early mediaeval period that is one of Hinduism’s main Upanishads. It is one of the 22 Samanya (generic) Upanishads, with two manuscript forms surviving in contemporary times. The Atharvaveda has the shorter version of the document, whereas the Shukla Yajurveda contains the lengthier version. It proposes a synthesis of Hindu philosophy’s Samkhya and Vedanta schools.
17. **Mantrika**: The Mantrika Upanishad is a minor Hindu Upanishad. The Sanskrit text is one of the 22 Samanya Upanishads, and it is one of 19 Upanishads related to the Shukla Yajurveda. It is part of the Vedanta and Yoga schools of Hindu philosophical literature. It is number 32 in the collection of 108 Upanishads in the Muktika canon, told by Rama to Hanuman.
18. **Muktika**: The Telugu language anthology of 108 Upanihads is known as Muktik. Each piece’s composition date is unclear, however the earliest is thought to date from around 800 BCE. The Principal Upanishads were written in the first millennium BCE, the majority of Yoga Upanishads were written between 100 BCE and 300 CE, and seven of the Sannyasa Upanishads were written before the third century CE.
19. **Subala**: The Subala Upanishad, also known as the Subalopanishad, is a Sanskrit Upanishad. It belongs to the Shukla Yajurveda and is considered one of Hinduism’s Samanya Upanishads.
20. **Avadhuta**: The Avadhuta Upanishad is a Sanskrit work from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is linked to the Krishna Yajurveda. The Brihadavadhuta Upanishad, Laghuavadhuta Upanishad, and Avadhutopanishad are all names for the same work.
21. **Katharudra**: The Kathashruti Upanishad is a minor Hindu Upanishad. The Sanskrit work is part of the Krishna Yajurveda and is one of the 20 Sannyasa Upanishads. The life of Hindu monks is described in this ancient treatise about renunciation. According to the scripture, a Sannyasi should meditate on the soul, live a humble life without possessions, be chaste and sympathetic to all living beings, and neither rejoice nor curse when someone praises or blames him.
22. **Brahma**: The Brahma Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 19 Sannyasa Upanishads and one of the 32 Upanishads associated with the Krishna Yajurveda.
23. **Jabala**: The Jabala Upanishad, also known as the Jabalopanisad, is a Hindu Upanishad. The Sanskrit text is part of the Shukla Yajurveda and is one of the 20 Sannyasa Upanishads.
24. **Turiyatita**: The Turiyatitavadhuta Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is linked to the Shukla Yajurveda.
25. **Paramahamsa**: The Paramahamsa Upanishad is one of the 31 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda, and is one of the 108 Upanishadic Hindu writings published in Sanskrit. It is considered to be a Sannyasa Upanishad. Paramhamsa is one of Lord Vishnu’s avatars, according to Ramanujacharya, who, in the shape of the Divine Swan, taught the Vedas to Lord Brahma.
26. **Bhikshuka**: The Bhikshuka Upanishad, also known as the Bhikshukopanishad, is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit and is one of the minor Upanishads.
27. **Yajnavalkya**: The Yajnavalkya Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit around the late mediaeval period. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is linked to the Shukla Yajurveda.
28. **Satyayani**: The Shatyayaniya Upanishad is a Sanskrit work written around the beginning of the 13th century and is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is linked to the Shukla Yajurveda.
29. **Amrtanada**: One of the lesser Upanishads is the Amritananda Upanishad. It is part of the Krishna Yajurveda and has 38 verses. It teaches how the practise of Yoga leads to the awareness of Brahmaan. It claims that an aspirant must follow a three-step process: attentive listening, contemplation, and meditation (sravana, manana and nididhyasana).
30. **Amrtabindu**: The Amritabindu Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the Atharvaveda’s five Bindu Upanishads and one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads.
31. **Kshurika**: The Kshurika Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads. Its manuscripts belong to either the Atharvaveda or the Krishna Yajurveda.
32. **Tejobindu**: The Tejobindu Upanishad is a minor Upanishad in Hinduism’s Upanishadic literature. It is one of the five Bindu Upanishads, all of which are connected to the Atharvaveda, as well as one of the twenty Yoga Upanishads found in the four Vedas.
33. **Dhyanabindu**: The Dhyanabindu Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in ancient Sanskrit. It is one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads.
34. **Brahmavidya**: The Brahmavidya Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads.
35. **YogakundalinI**: Yoga-kundalini Upanishad, commonly known as Yogakundali Upanishad, is a minor Hindu Upanishad. The Sanskrit text is one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads, as well as one of the 32 Upanishads associated with the Krishna Yajurveda. It is number 86 in the anthology of 108 Upanishads in the Muktika canon, told by Rama to Hanuman.
36. **Yogatattva**: The Yogatattva Upanishad, also known as the Yogatattvopanishad, is an important Hindu Upanishad. It is one of eleven Yoga Upanishads related to the Atharvaveda and one of twenty Yoga Upanishads in the four Vedas, and it is written in Sanskrit. In the contemporary day anthology of 108 Upanishads, it is numbered 41 in the serial sequence of the Muktika enumerated by Rama to Hanuman. As an Upanishad, it is part of the Vedanta literature collection that presents Hinduism’s intellectual beliefs.
37. **Yogasikha**: The Yogashikha Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the four Vedas’ twenty Yoga Upanishads.
38. **Varaha**: Varaha Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written between the thirteenth and sixteenth century CE. It is one of the 32 Krishna Yajurveda Upanishads and one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads, and it is written in Sanskrit.
39. **Advayataraka**: The Advayataraka Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in ancient Sanskrit. It is one of 19 Upanishads included in the Shukla Yajurveda. It’s referred to as a Yoga Upanishad.
40. **Trisikhibrahmana**: The Trishikhibrahmana Upanishad, also known as Trisikhibrahmanopanisad, is a Sanskrit work and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads and is connected to the Shukla Yajurveda.
41. **Mandalabrahmana**: The Mandala-brahmana Upanishad, also known as Mandalabrahmanopanisad, is a Sanskrit work and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads and is connected to the Shukla Yajurveda.
42. **Hamsa**: The Hamsa Upanishad is a Hindu scripture written in Sanskrit and considered a minor Upanishad. It belongs to the Shukla Yajurveda and is categorised as one of the twenty Yoga Upanishads. Because Dara Shikoh included it in the Persian translation of the Upanishads as Oupanekhat, spelling it as Hensnad, the text or sections of the text are of late provenance, presumably from the 2nd millennium of the common era, but written before the early 17th century (Hamsa-nada).
43. **Kalisantaraaa**: Sanskrit manuscript Kali-Santarana Upanishad, also known as Kalisantaraopaniad. It is a Hindu Upanishad of modest importance. The Upanishad was most likely written before the year 500 CE. The fundamental mantra of this literature, known as the Hare Krishna, or Mah (“Great”) Mantra, was imparted to Chaitanya Mahaprabhu at his initiation in Gaya in the 16th century, according to Gaudiya Vaishnava tradition.
44. **Narayana**: The Narayana Upanishad is a minor Upanishad, numbered 18 in the larger anthology of 108 Upanishads recounted by Rama to Hanuman. The early 19th-century Henry Thomas Colebrooke anthology lists it at number 33. It is one of 14 Vaishnava Upanishads and is written in Sanskrit. It is related to the Krishna (Black) Yajurveda and encourages Lord Narayana’s devotion (Vishnu).
45. **Tarasara**: The Tarasara Upanishad is a minor Hindu Upanishad. This Sanskrit work is regarded as a Mantra Upanishad and one of 14 Vaishnava Upanishads. It is one of 19 Upanishads included in the Shukla Yajurveda.
46. **Kalagnirudra**: The Kalagni Rudra Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit and is one of the minor Upanishads. It is linked to the Yajurveda of Krishna. There are 14 Shaiva Upanishads in all.
47. **Dakshinamurti**: The Dakshinamurti Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 14 Shaiva Upanishads and is connected to the Krishna Yajurveda.
48. **Pancabrahma**: The Pancabrahma Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 14 Shaiva Upanishads and one of the Krishna Yajurveda’s 32 Upanishads.
49. **Rudrahrdaya**: The Rudrahridaya Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is part of the Krishna Yajurveda and belongs to one of the 14 Shaiva Upanishads.
50. **SarasvatIrahasya**: The Sarasvati-rahasya Upanishad, which means “the Secret Knowledge of the Wisdom Goddess,” is a Sanskrit work from the late mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The work is included in the Krishna Yajurveda and is one of the eight Shakta Upanishads.
# Atharvaveda
1. **Prashna**: The Prashnopanishad is an old Sanskrit literature found inside the Atharva Veda and attributed to the Vedic scholar Pippalada sakha. It is a Mukhya (basic) Upanishad, and it is number four in Hinduism’s Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads.
2. **Mandukya**: The Mandukya Upanishad belongs to the Atharvaveda and is the shortest of all the Upanishads. The Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads lists it at number 6.
3. **Mundaka**: The Mundaka Upanishad is a Sanskrit Vedic literature that is included inside the Atharva Veda. It is a Mukhya (basic) Upanishad that is number 5 in Hinduism’s Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads. It is one of the Upanishads that has been translated the most.
4. **Aatma**: The Aatma Upanishad is a Hindu literature written in Sanskrit that is one of the minor Upanishadic writings. It belongs to the Atharvaveda and is one of the 31 Upanishads. It is a Vedantic Upanishad and a Samanya (generic) Upanishad.
5. **Surya**: The Surya Upanishad, also known as the Suryopanishad, is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads, written in Sanskrit. It is one of the Samanya Upanishads and one of the 31 Upanishads related with the Atharvaveda.
6. **Narada-Parivrajakas**: The Naradaparivrajaka Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads and is part of the Atharva Veda.
7. **Parabrahma**: The Parabrahma Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit during the mediaeval era. The text is one of the 20 Sannyasa (renunciation) Upanishads, and it is part of the Atharvaveda.
8. **Paramahamsa-Parivrajakas**: The Paramahamsa Parivrajaka Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit during the mediaeval era. It is one of the 19 Sannyasa Upanishads, and one of the 31 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda.
9. **Pasupatha-Brahma**: The Pashupatabrahma Upanishad, also known as Pasupathabrahmopanishad, is a Sanskrit Upanishad literature. It is one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads and is one of the 31 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda.
10. **Mahavakya**: The Mahavakya Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 20 Yoga Upanishads and is associated with the Atharvaveda. The scripture outlines the nature of Aatmaan and Brahmaan before claiming that they are one and the same, and that liberation is the condition of completely comprehending their unity.
11. **Sandilya**: The Shandilya Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It belongs to the Atharvaveda and is one of the twenty Yoga Upanishads found in the four Vedas.
12. **Krishna**: The Krishna Upanishad, also known as Krishnopanishad, is one of Hinduism’s 108 Upanishads written in Sanskrit. It is a small Upanishad from the Vaishnava branch, devoted to the deity Krishna. The Atharvaveda includes the Krishna Upanishad.
13. **Garuda**: The Garuda Upanishad, also known as the Garudopanishad, is one of the 108 Upanishad Hindu writings written in Sanskrit. It is dedicated to Garuda, the divinity Vishnu’s eagle-man mount. It is related with the Atharvaveda and belongs to the Vaishnava tradition, which worships Vishnu. In terms of date, it is regarded a “late” Upanishad. The Garuda Upanishad contains poison-curing mantras and charms. According to the literature, the charms may not only prevent and treat snakebite and venom, but also poison from other sources such as deadly animals, weapons, and otherworldly entities.
14. **Gopalatapani**: The Gopala Tapani Upanishad is a Sanskrit work and one of the Atharvaveda’s later Upanishads. One of the four Tpin Upanishads is the Gopla-Tpan.
15. **Tripadavibhuti-mahnarayana**: The Mahanarayana Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. A Vaishnava Upanishad is the text’s classification. There are three primary variations of the text. A version with 64 chapters is linked to the Krishna Yajurveda in numerous South Indian anthologies, while an enlarged version with 80 chapters is attached to the same Veda in the Andhra edition. The Atharvaveda contains a second version that includes 25 chapters and is prefixed with Tripadvibhuti. The Yajniki Upanishad or Tripad-vibhuti-mahanarayana Upanishad are two names for these texts. This Upanishad is also known as the Yagniki Upanishad, in honour of the sage Yagnatma Narayana, according to Swami Vimalananda.
16. **Dattatreya**: The Dattatreya Upanishad, also known as the Dattatreyopanishad, is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is a scripture of the Vaishnava sect, which worships the god Vishnu, and is linked to the Atharvaveda.
17. **Kaivalya**: The Kaivalya Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit literature that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is regarded as a Shaiva Upanishad, and two versions, one associated with the Krishna Yajurveda and the other with the Atharvaveda, have survived into contemporary times. It is an Upanishad, which is a component of the Vedanta literature collection that provides Hindu intellectual beliefs.
18. **NrsimhatapanI**: The Nrisimha Tapaniya Upanishad is a Sanskrit-language Upanishad manuscript. It is one of the Vaishnava Upanishads, and is one of the 31 Upanishads linked to the Atharvaveda. The Purva Tapaniya Upanishad and the Uttara Tapaniya Upanishad, which were the principal texts of the Nrisimha sect of Vaishnavas prior to the 7th century, are given together.
19. **Ramatapani**: The Ramatapaniya Upanishad, also known as the Ramatapaniyopanishad, is a Sanskrit Upanishad literature. It is one of the Vaishnava Upanishads, and is one of the 31 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda.
20. **Ramarahasya**: The Rama Rahasya Upanishad is a Sanskrit-language Upanishad manuscript. It is one of the 14 Vaishnava Upanishads, and one of the 31 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda.
21. **HayagrIva**: Hayagriva Upanishad, also known as Hayagrivopanishad, is one of the 108 Upanishads in Sanskrit. It is a minor Upanishad devoted to Hayagriva, the divinity Vishnu’s horse-faced form. It is related with the Atharvaveda and belongs to the Vaishnava tradition, which worships Vishnu.
22. **Atharvasikha**: The Atharvashikha Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 31 Upanishads that belong to the Atharvaveda. It is a Shaiva Upanishad dedicated to the deity Shiva.
23. **Atharvasira**: The Atharvashiras Upanishad is a Sanskrit work that is considered one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the 31 Upanishads that belong to the Atharvaveda. It is a Shaiva Upanishad dedicated to the deity Rudra.
24. **Ganapati**: The Ganapati Atharvasirsha is a minor Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit. It’s a late Upanishadic work dedicated to Ganesha, the god of wisdom and intellect. It argues that Ganesha is identical to Brahmaan, the everlasting underlying reality. The Sri Ganapati Atharva Sirsha, also known as the Ganapati Atharvashirsha, the Ganapati Atharvasirsa, or the Ganapati Upanishad, is a scripture found in the Atharvaveda.
25. **Brhajjabala**: The Brihajjabala Upanishad is a small Upanishad that is written in Sanskrit. One of 14 Shaiva Upanishads, this Hindu scripture is linked to the Atharvaveda.
26. **Bhasmajabala**: The Bhasmajabala Upanishad is one of Hinduism’s minor Shaiva Upanishads, written in Sanskrit. It’s connected to the Atharvaveda. Similar to the Brihajjabala and Akshamalika Upanishads, the Bhasmajabala Upanishad discusses Vibhuti (Bhasma) or sacred ash, and Rudraksha beads as symbols and for body art. The literature explains how to make the ash and beads, as well as how to apply them on the body. In the passage, the importance of Varanasi and its Shiva temple is mentioned.
27. **Sarabha**: The Sharabha Upanishad is a small Atharva Vedic Upanishad. It is serial number 50 in a Telugu language anthology of 108 Upanishads of the Muktika in the contemporary day, recounted by Rama to Hanuman. The Upanishad does not appear in Colebrooke’s anthology of 52 popular Upanishads in north India, nor in Narayana’s Bibliotheca Indica anthology of popular Upanishads in south India. Shaiva academics created it and included it in the Upanishads to fight Vaishnavism. One of the fourteen Shaiva Upanishads.
28. **Annapurna**: The Annapurna Upanishad is a Hindu scripture written in Sanskrit and considered one of the minor Upanishads. It belongs to the Atharvaveda and is regarded as a Samanya Upanishad. As a dialogue between yogin Nidagha and Vedic sage Ribhu, the work is divided into five chapters. The first chapter poses a number of questions, including: “Who am I? What caused the cosmos to exist? What does it mean to be born, to die, and to live? What does it mean to be free?” After attributing the wisdom to goddess Annapurna, the scripture explains the responses.
29. **Tripuratapani**: The Tripuratapini Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature from the mediaeval era and one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It belongs to the Atharvaveda and is regarded as one of the eight Shakta Upanishads.
30. **Devi**: The Devi Upanishad is a Sanskrit literature that is one of Hinduism’s minor Upanishads. It is one of the eight Shakta Upanishads and one of the 19 Upanishads associated with the Atharvaveda. As an Upanishad, it is part of the Vedanta literature collection that presents Hinduism’s intellectual beliefs.
31. **Bhavana**: The Bhavana Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad from the mediaeval period. The work is regarded as one of the Shakta Upanishads and belongs to the Atharvaveda. It is written in Sanskrit. The human body is identified as Srichakra yantra in the Upanishad, which elaborates on this concept and its devotion.
32. **Sita**: The Sita Upanishad is a Hindu Upanishad written in Sanskrit around the Middle Ages. It is one of the Vaishnava upanishads and is linked to the Atharva Veda. Goddess Sita is exalted as the Ultimate Reality of the Universe (Brahmaan), the foundation of Being (Spirituality), and the material source of all manifestation in this late Upanishad. Sita is identified with primal Prakriti (nature) by the Upanishad, and her three abilities are realised in daily life as will (ichha), action (kriya), and knowledge (jnaana) .